whether there is a way to punish him
to avoid it happening again.
Or how long will it take for the restaurant to be ready? Could you please ask them for me?
Students sing the main role at Zhejiang University Academic Conference, and the research results make people's minds open up - Xinhuanet
Use air to wash hands, sigh to judge the disease, accurately search for the source of haze. Yesterday evening, a series of academic achievements with big ideas were awarded at the opening ceremony of the 2016 Academic Annual Meeting of Zhejiang University.
The main researchers of these achievements are students, and the research covers environmental, mechanical, energy, medical, life science, humanities education, and other major fields. The students started from a curious idea, and created many high-end inventions with practical value, some of which have won awards in China and internationally.
Biosensors: Your Family Doctor for Health Monitoring
Zhang Dingmin, a doctoral student from the School of Biomedical Engineering, demonstrated a smartphone-sized biological sensor on the spot.
“You just need to take a deep breath, and this instrument can preliminarily detect your health condition from the composition of the air you exhale. ”
Zhang Dingming introduced that this sensor is connected to the smartphone, and the health report will be displayed on the smartphone after the gas is exhaled.
Generally, the smart watches on the market can detect physical parameters such as temperature and pulse.
This set of biological sensors uses a new material, graphene, and its target is chemical elements. Its sensitive "nose" allows it to more deeply and accurately reflect the health status of the body.
Smart surgical light: the doctor's high-powered eyes
Besides smartphones, smart surgical lights are also used in the operating room.
This invention won the silver award at the 44th Swiss International Inventions Exhibition in Geneva this year.
Master students of the College of Optoelectronic Science and Engineering, Zhu Linjing and Shen Junfei, opened a new path in the defects of traditional surgical lamps, and invented the intelligent LED surgical no-shadows lamp.
“Many diseases are detected and removed late, and this is related to the surgical lights used in the operating room by doctors. ”
Shen Junfei said that, for example, if the doctor cannot see all the tumor tissue in the early stage of cancer detection, then the cancer cells will continue to metastasize.
The smart surgical light has four lamps, which can adjust the spectrum to enhance the difference between different tissues under light.
During the surgery, the doctor can adjust the size, brightness, spectrum, color uniformity and shadow rate of the light beam according to the needs of the surgery and personal habits at any time.
This intelligent surgical light has been used in Zhejiang University School of Medicine Affiliated Shao Yi Fu Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine Affiliated Children's Hospital, and other hospitals, and received good feedback.
Last October, this invention won the first prize of the National Challenge Cup.
Air wash: Water-saving and cool
Ordinary people wash their hands by washing with water, wiping a little soap, and squeezing a little hand sanitizer. Li Qichang and his classmates have invented a "air hand washing device".
As long as we stand on the washbasin, our weight will squeeze the air out.
It's like a balloon.
The compressed air forms a fluid at the faucet, and mixes with the water.
This way, we can wash our hands cleanly!”
Color-changing reaction and bacteria residue tests proved that the effect of washing hands by this method was the same as that of ordinary washing hands.
This device only needs to rely on our own gravity as a driving force, which can ensure the cleanliness and save 90% of water. The whole process is completely pollution-free and energy-saving.
Last year, this invention stood out among the world's top universities at the Second Global Major Challenges Summit and won the only gold award.
Please arrange to return it to me as soon as possible, thank you.
Please cancel the order and return the money, no points, we will not use #PRS_ORG# in the future!
Bones and spicy pickled vegetables are not suitable for children to eat.
If so, please order quickly
Not yet, thanks.
He asked me to tell you that he is in #PRS_ORG#
I cancelled the order.
I bought #PRS_ORG# but I wrote the wrong address
Can it be changed?
Or cancel the order
Okay, sorry
A very meaningful certificate - First Aid Certificate
This is one of the skills certificates that I think are important besides my driver's license!
Let's popularize it: emergency measures are actually emergency rescue measures, i.e. emergency rescue before the ambulance arrives.
It is well known that the process of the ambulance arriving after the accident is actually a period of time, and it is this period of time that is the most critical.
This is the time when you need emergency treatment.
If I really have a heart attack, a stroke, or a cardiac arrest, we have only four minutes, the golden four minutes!
So, how important it is to have people around you who know first aid!
When someone falls down in front of us, we can use our professional knowledge to rescue him, instead of standing there helplessly and doing nothing. This feeling of helplessness is too scary.
In China, there are 3 million people who die unexpectedly every year, and the most dangerous is sudden cardiac arrest.
In the United States, the average is 15%.
In Las Vegas casino hotels, 70% to 80% can be saved, Shanghai and Beijing below 1%.
This is what the founder of the first reaction, Lu Le, said.
If someone has a cardiac arrest, with no breathing and no pulse, you can't do anything by squeezing their chest.
It is possible to save a person by artificial respiration and chest compression.
I found that now very few people will have this awareness to learn first aid, but when the thing happens, it is too late, so I still call on everyone to learn this skill, so that we can make a timely response when we face an emergency situation.
Maybe it can save a person's life!
First aid certificate can be registered at the Red Cross training center in your local area. I registered at the Red Cross training center in Zhuhai, and students also have discounts.
PS: The last picture is a record of the goals I want to achieve before I turn 25, and adding a first aid certificate to the list of goals was something I did a few months ago, but I did accomplish it!
Then I want to take other certificates that I want to take. I want to take a diving certificate. I saw a diving emergency certificate on Little Red Book before. It seems that I need to have an emergency certificate before I can take the diving certificate. So the emergency certificate is also very useful!
I ordered #NUMBER#
The shrimp dumplings cost 13 yuan each!
I haven't tried it.
How can #NAME# not be clear?
One for 13?
Yesterday, #PRS_ORG# lost a meal, and this time, just one shrimp dumpling for me to eat!?
Because it worked when I entered the code before
First, let's talk about the conclusion. In my opinion, "Four Seas" is a bad film in all aspects.
But you can't say that this movie is not a highlight, either. After all, the music is pretty good.
There are many kinds of bad movies, and falling asleep in the cinema is one of them, and being outraged after watching it is another. "Four Seas" is like a monkey on Mount Emei for the audience. It can ignite the audience's anger in many ways.
In terms of insulting the audience, Han Han is truly a genius.
The most painful thing about this film is that it seems to be a creation of the K system, unrecognizable, and full of holes.
Even after watching it, you'll wonder if there's a hidden metaphor in there, but after thinking about it, you'll realize it's just a pile of shit.
First, let's talk about some of the scenes that are hard for me to understand.
The main character lives in a small island somewhere in the south, and is dependent on his grandmother.
Her grandmother had a wish to see snow, and then the plot arranged that a grandpa in the neighborhood drove her to the northeast to see the snow.
Old people sitting in a bread truck from the south to the northeast to see snow?
They and their dad are very confident about it.
Then this old man just disappeared.
How did the female protagonist's brother get a business license to open a hotel on a derelict ship?
Why can the little hooligans on the island easily block a section of mountain road?
Then the truck carrying steel bars stopped in the middle of the road, and the truck driver could not be found anywhere around.
The sense of props is too obvious, isn't it?
Why would a credit-challenged, law-breaking hoodlum become a auxiliary policeman?
Why didn't you report the high-interest loans? The police in the film even asked if you had any trouble?
An adult knows how to use a smartphone, but does not know how to use a key card to open the door of the hotel room, and then forcefully arrange to find the hotel owner and sleep in the doorway of the room?
This bizarre plot is strewn throughout the film, so much so that I find myself cringing at the memory of it.
Besides the plot, the worst thing about the film is its message, or rather, the film has no message at all, it's just a hideous stitched-together monster.
You will think he is making a comedy at the beginning, 20 minutes later you will guess it is a motivational film, halfway through the film you will think it is a story about the difficulties of young people in a small town, and after watching the film, you will have no idea what you have just watched, and you will have deep doubts about yourself, why do you have to go to the cinema to watch shit.
For most people, they are actually quite familiar with the plot of all kinds of movies. For example, if you want to shoot a motorcycle racer, it is a combination of inspiration and comedy, and then tell the audience that a talented rookie is how to step by step to success.
If you want to make a romance film, just tell the story of the love and hatred between the motorcycle youth and the waitress girl in the small town.
If you want to reflect reality, at least your plot cannot contradict the normal world.
（For example, the character played by Yin Zheng, who just got his new motorcycle burned, and can still sing), you can't open some holes that even Kennedy couldn't resist.
As for the female protagonist who is not mentally retarded but behaves like a 5-year-old child in some ways, I don't know whether this is due to the acting or the director's requirements.
I also don't understand why Han Han, as a race car driver, is so passionate about adding crash scenes to his own films?
Would such a film be arranged in the Spring Festival period to give audiences a headache?
Application: TAIDA Battery Box Encoder
Origin: China, Shenzhen
The size of the battery box is as follows:
The following are the related products of the A2 series:
CN1 connector CN1 signal I/O connector CN1 terminal block Brake resistor
Low power encoder cable, medium power encoder cable, low power power cable, medium power power cable
Low power drive belt with brake, medium power drive belt with brake, encoder and power connector, servo battery box
1. The cooperative express company of this store,
1. The delivery will be based on WeChat signature.
2. SF Express
2. Buyers need the product urgently or have time limit, it is recommended to choose express delivery, and it is recommended to pay after modification of the freight. Relatively speaking, SF Express has a certain guarantee. Pay after modification of the freight.
3. Buyers have doubts about the shipping fee of this store, and they can choose to pay the shipping fee on delivery.
4. The products of heavy goods are generally shipped by logistics, and you can contact them separately.
1. This store supports the 7-day return and exchange service. Due to the quality of the product and the number of errors, the store bears the freight.
2. Non-quality problems of the product itself, because the buyer chooses the wrong model and other factors need to return and exchange, as long as the product itself does not affect the function and does not affect the secondary sale, we support the free return and exchange service of the product, and the return and exchange transportation fee needs to be borne by the buyer.
3. This store does not support the return of goods due to the delay of express delivery, and the seller shall bear the freight.
4. Customized products are not subject to return or exchange due to non-quality issues.
1. Is this product genuine?
Answer: All products that are not marked with the original brand name are domestic substitutes.
2. Do you have replicas?
Answer: We are very sorry that we do not sell counterfeit products. The so-called counterfeit products have the logos and packaging of the original factory.
3. Are the Chinese XXXs made by the original factory in China?
A: The domestic product is a substitute product, which is not produced in China by the original manufacturer, but is used in China.
Provide professional connectors, connectors, peripheral accessories for domestic servo motors, PLCs, such as Mitsubishi, Fanuc, Toshiba, Omron, Siemens, etc. The peripheral accessories mainly include servo encoders, power cables, control connectors, power aviation plugs, terminals and cables, lithium batteries, PLC download lines, connectors, brake resistors, field buses, power cables, all accessories are strictly in accordance with the standards of Mitsubishi, and are customized by professional engineers.
and adopt the actual test of servomotor and PLC to ensure the quality and durability of the products provided to customers.
Welcome to inquire!
Factory direct sales, welcome wholesale agents!
Other lengths are available to order.
For related customized products, please contact the shopkeeper!
What does it mean if we just give you the amount of the order discount?
Can you do it?
I received it, but my 3 drinks all spilled out.
Checking out the equipment for the production and processing of concrete modules for manhole井壁砖模块设备:
Zhengzhou Yixin is a professional manufacturer of concrete inspection井模块砖机设备, inspection井砌块机械,井壁墙体模块机械, from semi-automatic to fully automatic production lines.
After years of practice and development, it has now become a manufacturer of quality products, mainly producing hydraulic, mobile and fully automatic inspection well equipment and accessories.
Equipment for the production and processing of concrete modules for inspection wells, and the assembly site of the well wall brick module equipment in Zhengzhou:
Features and advantages of the equipment for the production and processing of concrete modules for inspection wells in Zhengzhou:
Yixin block brick machine equipment is widely applicable to new construction materials for underground facilities such as coal, heat, water, electricity, and gas.
For example, various inspection wells of drainage and water storage facilities, rainwater inlets, trenches, septic tanks and small constructions, wing walls of bridges, etc.
The advantages of using concrete modules to build inspection wells are that the modules have grooves on all four sides, up and down, and are combined to form a chain.
The wall body of the shaft is superior to the masonry form of plastered bricks in terms of shear resistance.
The module is a hollow structure, and the vertical and horizontal holes are connected after the modules are assembled. After the core is filled with concrete, a cast-in-place reinforced concrete mesh structure is formed, which plays the role of secondary reinforcement and waterproofing.
The module has grooves for inserting bars horizontally and vertically, which increase the overall strength of the structure.
In addition, the inspection and drainage wells made by concrete inspection well module are not easy to collapse, sink, leakage, etc., and the wall body module of the mechanical performance is stable, and the operation is simple, and the formed size is standard.
The concrete inspection井 module brick machine intelligent control is equipped with data input and output devices, and the touch screen liquid crystal display monitors the entire process of mechanical operation. It realizes the ideal dialogue between man and machine, automatic analysis, density operation, safety logic control and fault diagnosis system.
The wall body module mechanical hydraulic system adopts single-cylinder hydraulic and transportation, double-cylinder hydraulic and transportation.
The independent hydraulic integration station avoids the influence of the vibration of the main machine on the hydraulic system, thus ensuring the reliability of the hydraulic system.
The concrete inspection pit module brick machine equipment feed box advancing mold box demolding, the storage box door is closed, the automatic feeding pallet, all of which are completed by the hydraulic system independently, so as to reduce the wear and maintenance of the machine.
The concrete inspection井 module brick machine adopts imported computers, electrical appliances, sealing parts and hydraulic parts, and the overall performance of the equipment is stable and reliable.
The wall body module vibration platform adopts a whole plate of steel plate, and the surface line cutting and molding without welding points, so that the filling box can freely swing to guide, and fully reduce the mechanical wear.
Reduce the load of the mold, filler and two-in-one vibration amplitude, adopt one-piece, synchronous, table vibration and mold vibration to ensure the shaking effect.
The wall body module vibrating machine is equipped with mechanical vibrating machine and computer automatic control vibration amplitude according to the cost-benefit ratio of raw materials, with no wear and tear braking, thus extending the service life and reducing the cost.
The wall body module has both mechanical automatic control and manual control.
Check井模具:
Yixin Brick Machine Inspection Well Water Brick Block:
A corner of the Yixin company:
equipment for the production and processing of concrete modules for inspection wells
The Zhengzhou井壁砖模块 equipment can not only produce inspection well blocks, but also produce various bricks, hollow bricks, pavement bricks.
Delivery scene:
Chongqing Vocational Schools Pilot Modern Apprenticeship - Xinhuanet
Yesterday, the reporter learned from the Municipal Education Bureau that from this year onwards, our city will pilot the “modern apprenticeship” talent training mode in 60 vocational schools. The students who are accepted for trial training will also have the status of apprentices. After being enrolled, they will be pre-recorded as employees by the pilot enterprises.
The Municipal Education Commission required that the procedures for enrollment and employment of vocational schools be standardized, and that the dual identities of the vocational school students and the temporary employees of the enterprises be clarified in accordance with the principle of mutual choice. The vocational school students, the enterprises, and the enterprises should sign a three-party agreement, and for the vocational school students who are 16 years old but have not reached 18 years of age, the vocational school students, the guardians, the vocational schools, and the enterprises should sign a three-party agreement to determine the rights and interests of each party and the specific positions, teaching contents, and rights protection of the on-the-job training of the vocational school students.
Encourage pilot schools to adopt modern apprenticeship forms and cooperate with enterprises to jointly carry out pre-employment training and on-the-job training for enterprise employees.
The pilot schools should reform the talent training mode.
The school and enterprises jointly design the talent training plan, jointly formulate the professional teaching standards, course standards, job standards, master standards, quality control standards and corresponding implementation plans.
The pilot is based on one pilot period, and the internship time of students in enterprises is determined according to the training plan of professional talents, and the top-job internship is generally 6 months.
In the enterprise practice, the enterprise should implement the enterprise group management mode. According to the characteristics of different professions, one master can lead 2-5 apprentices to form a learning group, so as to ensure that students can master the skills required by each rotation position.
According to the arrangement, from 2016 to August 2019, our city will set up 60 city-level modern apprenticeship pilot projects in three batches. Each pilot project will have about 50 trainees, and a total of 3,000 trainees (apprentices) will be trained.
In accordance with the principle of first trial and then implementation, and the principle of gradually expanding from point to surface, explore the establishment of a long-term mechanism for school-enterprise joint recruitment, joint training, and integrated cultivation of students, and effectively improve students’ job skills and increase the employment rate and quality of students.
My app says it's delivered, but I haven't received it yet
I just called for takeout, and I don't know why it's hanging on the door.
Then, he called for a replay.
I live in Siu Sai Wan, why did the order go to Hoi Fai Garden?
Did you get the address wrong?
This vacuum cleaner has been considered for a long time, and finally I was cruel and cut the grass. The dust collection effect is not bad, and the dust in the house is obviously less. However, it is a little heavy to hold with one hand; the wet cleaning needs to be improved, and there will be dust marks when going back and forth; overall, I am very satisfied with it.
The blender is quite heavy, looks high-end, and is suitable for me, a novice in the kitchen. My child said that it tasted better than what I cooked myself. I have cooked two dishes of meat and vegetables, and the sugar-vinegar pork ribs are particularly delicious. It takes a long time to cook, but the cooking time is very short, and the noise is very small, so you don't have to worry about cooking too much, and you don't have to worry about not knowing how to cook!
Received the goods, I cooked three dishes in the middle of the day, and it is true that technology changes life. The timing and seasoning are very accurate, and the taste of the dishes is directly upgraded to the level of a chef, not bad, for those who are not good at cooking, it is a godsend, I recommend that you buy it!
I've added another member to the kitchen.
Smart cooking machines, the kind that automatically adjust the heat and automatically stir-fry.
No more fear of being scalded by hot oil, no more fear of not being able to control the fire and overcooking or undercooking the food.
The dishes that I cooked were much better than the ones I cooked. The fried tomatoes and fried eggs were particularly delicious, and the taste of the eggs was very good.
This pot is worth the money.
Good quality, worth buying, very good
Overall, very good, very clear, and consistent with the description.
Worth having.
The customer service is also very good.
The screen is large, clear, and the eyes are not tired. There is no abnormality so far.
It is thicker than the mainstream display, and the frame is also wider. The gap between the frame and the screen is also large, but the display effect is good, and the accessories are complete.
Fast logistics!
The service attitude of the merchants is good!
After using it for a while, the quality is good, and the screen resolution is also very clear.
Stock trading is very good, 14 points, too perfect
The logistics are fast, the goods are good, and the second one is indeed a good thing. The picture quality is high quality, and it is not distorted because of the large screen, and the interfaces are complete.
The appearance is good, the color restoration is good, and the quality is good!
China Children's Center to hold a series of activities to let children "high-tech" to celebrate the "6.1" - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, May 20 (Huang Xiaoxi, Zhou Sansan) Reporters learned from the China Children's Center that the Children's Day before and after May 28-June 1, the China Children's Center will hold a series of activities such as children's creator experience, children's visual art festival and parent-child book fair, so that children can experience the charm of the frontier technology during Children's Day.
It is understood that the activities of the China Children's Center during the Children's Day this year include the "Love Home, Create Cool" Children's Future Learning Carnival, the First Children's Visual Arts Festival, the "Family Reading Carnival", and the "Family Reading" Picture Book Series Activities.
Li Zhongming, deputy director of the China Children's Center, said at the press conference of the 2016 Children's Day held on the 20th that "Love Family and Cool" Children's Future Learning Carnival was the key activity of the China Children's Center to celebrate the Children's Day this year.
The activity focuses on integrating social innovation with family individual creativity, through children and families participating in various innovative education activities, so that innovative practices become the cultural genes of the masses of families, and "hands-on" becomes a new learning and living style for the majority of families.
It is reported that the "Love Home, Create Cool" Children's Future Learning Carnival includes the "Tofu Creator" experience activities, the 1st anniversary celebration of the Old Ox Children's Discovery Museum and the "Explore All the Family's Love and Children's 61st Birthday" activities, the VR All-people Experience Plan, and the "Creator Village" interactive workshop.
Fried beef noodles become kimchi beef noodles
Will it cost $100 or $200 to use it?
Concerns over how long it will take to complete
Okay, I'm sorry to bother you.
Is it the same rider who delivered it to me?
Can you help me follow up?
The restaurant said it had been cooking the food for half an hour
But no delivery riders showed up at the store to pick up the food.
South African doctors: Omicron is highly contagious but mostly mild
Many doctors and medical experts in South Africa believe that the symptoms caused by the Omicron variant of the new coronavirus are milder than those caused by the Delta variant, although the transmission speed is faster.
According to a report by the Associated Press, as the omicron variant spreads in South Africa, a group of more than 5,000 doctors in South Africa's Limpopo province reported that the symptoms of the new coronavirus patients they are currently treating are relatively mild, such as body pain and coughing, which are similar to flu symptoms.
The group's medical director, Dr Unben Pillay, said he sees dozens of patients a day, but none need hospitalisation.
Pile said: "They can control the disease at home, and most people recover within 10 to 14 days of isolation."
He said this includes older patients and those with underlying health problems, who are more likely to become critically ill from a coronavirus infection.
He said that compared with the previous Delta epidemic, the new coronavirus patients he treated "had difficulty breathing and low oxygen levels.
Many people will be in hospital within a few days.
Two weeks after the first report of the omicron variant in southern Africa, other doctors have shared similar experiences.
While it will take weeks to gather enough data to make a definitive diagnosis, the doctors' observations and early evidence provide some clues.
According to the summary of the National Institute for Communicable Diseases of South Africa: among the new coronavirus patients who were hospitalized in the past few weeks, only 30% were severe cases, which was half of the severe cases in the previous wave of the epidemic; the average hospitalization time was reduced from 8 days to 2.8 days; and only 3% of the new coronavirus patients died, while 20% of the cases in the early epidemic in South Africa died.
William Hanekom, director of the Centre for Infectious Disease Research in Africa, cited data from the National Institute for Communicable Diseases and other reports to say: "At this stage, it appears to be a relatively mild disease."
He also said, "It is still early, we need to get post-season data.
Usually, hospitalization and death occur later, and we have only been in this wave of the epidemic for two weeks. "
Meanwhile, scientists around the world are watching case numbers and hospitalization rates while testing the effectiveness of current vaccines and treatments.
Although Delta is still the dominant strain of the coronavirus around the world, the omicron variant is now appearing in dozens of countries, with South Africa at the epicenter of the outbreak.
Health officials said that the number of new cases found in the first week of December increased by 400%, and the test results showed that more than 90% of the cases were the omicron variant.
Thank you to today's supporters, all 80 boxes have been sent out!
Materials for beauty and skin care soup:
The function of white fungus: sweet in taste, neutral in nature, belongs to the lung, stomach and kidney meridians; it has the functions of strengthening the sperm, nourishing the kidney, moistening the intestine, nourishing the stomach, tonifying the blood, strengthening the heart, nourishing the yin, moistening the lung, promoting the津液, strengthening the body, nourishing the brain, invigorating, beautifying, delaying aging and prolonging life. It is used to treat pulmonary heat cough, pulmonary dry cough, irregular menstruation in women, gastritis, constipation and other diseases. It is a good supplement for patients with yin deficiency and excessive fire.
The function of dang gui: bitter, neutral, belongs to the large intestine and bladder meridians.
Function: tonifying blood, promoting urination, relieving constipation, relieving pain, and can also moisten the stomach and intestines. If you have constipation, you can eat more dates.
The function of dried jujube: neutral, sweet, and belongs to the liver and stomach meridians.
Beneficial to the liver and eyes, nourishing the liver and kidneys, whitening and beautifying the skin, nourishing and moistening the body, delaying aging.
The effect of red dates: Sweet in taste, neutral in nature, and belong to the spleen and stomach meridians. It has the functions of nourishing the spleen and stomach, invigorating Qi and nourishing blood, and calming the spirit. If the spleen and stomach are weak and the Qi and blood are insufficient, people with insomnia can eat more red dates.
The effect of lychee: Sweet and warm in taste, belongs to the heart and spleen meridians, and is suitable for those who are deficient in the heart and spleen.
Lychee meat can also moisturize and beautify the skin, nourish blood and calm the spirit, nourish the heart and kidneys, and strengthen the Yang. It is also suitable for people with anemia and insomnia.
The functions of lotus seeds: Sweet in taste, neutral in nature, nourishes the heart, spleen and kidneys.
Nourish the heart and calm the spirit, heart palpitations, insomnia, anemia, forgetfulness, restlessness, thirst, and impotence.
Therefore, this beauty soup is not only a dessert, but also a healthy drink!
Eat more, and your heart and mind will be at ease!
And it is not as expensive as bird's nest, so you can eat it as much as you want!
This food has been left out, and the food may spoil
Order #NUMBER#, which was initially estimated to be delivered at 6:40 p.m., has been changed to 7:15 p.m.!
Dinner time is limited, so please hurry up!
I didn't get it.
I ordered it 5 minutes ago, how come it's done already?
Where can I see the details of the actual discount code?
Education Commentary: What is needed to rescue kidnapped children?
If we compare the famous public welfare advertising slogan of "there is no buying and selling, there is no killing", then, in the good environment where there is no "trafficking" demand, group prevention and group treatment, and all-people anti-trafficking, make the trafficking behavior unprofitable, risky, and high-cost, this kind of crime will not happen frequently.
Recently, the Criminal Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security developed an emergency release platform for child abduction information.
It is a channel of authority for the publication of child abduction information, and a platform for the timely recovery of abducted children.
Hearing that the app is called "Reunion", I felt a sense of warmth.
The new technology methods are not only named "artistic" and full of sentiment, but also well applied to informationization. They are practical and effective.
The primary goal of anti-trafficking law enforcement is to recover kidnapped children and protect their personal safety and freedom.
Secondly, it is the trial and punishment of the suspects.
The meaning of criminal punishment can be summed up by many "big words", such as individual punishment, social prevention, and legal education.
But before the trafficking case is cracked, the safety of the victim should be prioritized.
The severity of the case and the urgency of the "rescue" goal determine that controversial and disputed topics such as "whether kidnapping children should be subject to the death penalty" can be temporarily put aside and cautiously discussed; but the rescue of kidnapped children should not be delayed.
According to the experience of handling such cases, human traffickers are prone to leave the scene as soon as they get their hands on the victims.
Every minute delay in the search for a missing child means that the child will move further away from their parents, and the difficulty of solving the case will also increase by one point.
In this case, taking out effective means such as the "reunion" platform, which is directly helpful to solve cases and recover children, is indeed a practical action.
After all, "rescuing" is a big task that requires the whole legal system to operate.
The protection of children and parents, the improvement of legislation, the protection of justice, and the meticulous enforcement all need to be carried out in accordance with the care of "protecting the young and helping the weak".
In addition, the prevention of child trafficking, from the family to the society, can be done better.
For example, a common case is that a family of three rests at a railway station, the parents sleep, and they only realize that the child is missing when they wake up.
It is not reasonable to expect a two-year-old child to have enough self-protection skills, but as a parent of a young child, you should at least have a certain level of protection awareness.
Parents should take turns to rest or put their children in a safe place to prevent children from being kidnapped.
From the other side of the police crackdown on child trafficking, the buyer of kidnapped children should also be paid attention to and punished.
Individual acts of wrongdoing are often just one link in a long chain.
According to the provisions of the Criminal Law of the People's Republic of China, the minimum punishment for trafficking in children is 5 years, and the maximum punishment is the death penalty and confiscation of property.
The starting point of the sentence is high, and the maximum punishment is heavy. Under the trend of "light punishment", the crime of trafficking in children is obviously a crime with severe punishment.
However, there are still many cases of trafficking every year.
It can be seen that some people have outdated views on the upbringing of children, and their legal awareness is shallow.
The legal education of this part of the people should be synchronized.
To effectively control trafficking crimes, it is not enough to rely solely on official strict enforcement.
If the "market" for trafficking is widespread, the traffickers will be greedy for money, constantly innovate trafficking methods, and form a "duel" situation with law enforcement officers. The anti-trafficking action will inevitably fall into a low-efficiency quagmire.
Therefore, eliminating backward ideas, popularizing legal knowledge, also helps to eradicate child trafficking and child buying crimes.
Yang Haotong delivered a speech on the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress and the provincial Party Congress in the stables.
to draw inspiration from the history of the Party's struggle for a century.
On December 10, the Hunan Daily News reported that according to the unified arrangement of the Provincial Committee, Yang Haodong, member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Committee and Director of the Provincial Committee Propaganda Department, made an interactive speech at the Video and Creative Park in Maliangshan in the morning of December 10. He deeply studied and implemented the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress and the important speeches, important instructions and important decisions of General Secretary Xi Jinping, and studied and implemented the spirit of the 12th Provincial Party Congress.
Yang Haotian, from the perspective of ideals and beliefs and the initial mission, self-revolution and the youth of the great party, and the leader of the party and the party’s theory, from three aspects, combined with his own feelings and personal experience, in-depth and comprehensively expounded the core essence and practical requirements of the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress.
He pointed out that we should combine the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress and the important speeches and instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping with the spirit of the 11th CPC Provincial Congress, integrate them, and integrate them, so as to strengthen the awareness of upholding the "two establishments" and the "two safeguards", the awareness of political self-awareness, and the awareness of action self-awareness, and to move forward unswervingly along the path pointed out by General Secretary Xi Jinping.
In the interactive communication section, representatives of grassroots cadres, representatives of enterprises, and representatives of young people asked questions about the relationship between the three historical resolutions, how to understand the decisive significance of “two establishments”, how cultural enterprises should grasp the direction, and how young people in the new era should draw power from the 100-year history of the party, and Yang Haodong answered them one by one with simple language and vivid examples. He sincerely advised young party members to draw power from the 100-year history of the party’s struggle, to tightly unite around the CPC Central Committee, to firmly follow the party, and to write their responsibilities and duties with their youth.
2022 Graduates of Higher Education Institutions in Beijing Expected to Reach 268,000 People - Xinhuanet
Yang Na, Beijing, December 11 (Xinhua) -- A video conference on the employment and entrepreneurship of 2022 graduates from Beijing universities was held jointly by the Beijing Municipal Education Commission and the Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau on December 11. It was learned that the number of graduates from Beijing universities in 2022 is expected to reach 268,000, an increase of 16,000 from last year.
The relevant person of Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that they would deploy the employment of university graduates in Beijing from the aspects of enhancing the matching of supply and demand, strengthening policy support, expanding employment channels, ensuring poverty alleviation, supporting innovation and entrepreneurship, and improving service efficiency.
The reporter learned that Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau will build a practice platform, increase job supply, and actively contact 40 universities’ graduate employment experience bases, visit recruiting units, integrate demand information and job information; focus on “six ones”, i.e. widening the recruitment of civil servants, widening the recruitment of state-owned enterprises, widening the recruitment of grassroots projects, widening the recruitment of military service, widening the recruitment of employment internships, and widening the recruitment of entrepreneurship and employment; implement “one person, one plan” dynamic management, and recommend not less than 5 job information to each graduate, ensuring that all graduates with employment intentions from difficult families can be assisted.
In fact, it is not clear whether the shop made a mistake or the courier made a mistake.
There was no receipt in the bag.
Couldn't track them down.
I hope you can understand it.
Because the delivery time was 30 minutes faster than the display.
No, thank you.
Yes, we have a new rider.
He's been waiting for a long time.
The restaurant has always said it is in the process of handling it.
Waited for a few hours
The International Olive Oil Association divides olive oil into two categories: virgin olive oil and refined olive oil, with five grades.
Extra virgin olive oil, also known as extra virgin olive oil, is obtained directly from fresh olives by mechanical cold pressing, filtration and other treatments to remove impurities.
There are three levels according to the acidity:
Extra Virgin Olive Oil: It is the highest grade and the highest quality of olive oil. It is a pure natural product.
The taste is excellent, with a delicate floral aroma and acidity of less than 1%.
High-quality extra virgin olive oil (Fine Virgin): acidity is slightly higher, but not more than 2%, taste is pure and fragrant.
Common Extra Virgin Olive Oil (Ordinary Virgin): Taste and flavor are acceptable, acidity is less than 3.3%.
Refined olive oil refers to the olive oil obtained by refining the acidity of the first pressing olive oil exceeding 3.3%.
Refined olive oil is divided into two grades:
Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO): Refined olive oil mixed with a certain percentage of extra virgin olive oil to blend flavor and color, with an acidity of 1.5% or less and a clear pale golden color.
Refined Olive Pomace Oil: It is obtained by extracting and refining olive pomace.
If you've seen the rating system, you'll know that acidity is a very important indicator for extra virgin olive oil.
In fact, olives are like grapes in wine making. Different varieties of olives from different regions will produce different standards of olive oil.
The best place to grow olive trees:
The Mediterranean coast has the most suitable soil and temperature, sunshine, air humidity and rainfall for growing olive oil.
Other than the Mediterranean coast, other areas can only be planted sporadically in their natural habitats.
Main production areas (Mediterranean):
Italy, Spain, Greece, Turkey, Portugal, Morocco, Syria, Israel, Tunisia, Algeria, Egypt, Pakistan, Lebanon, and so on, with climates similar to those of Argentina, Peru, and South Africa.
Olive harvest month:
From 3 to 6 June is the flowering and fruiting period of the olive tree, and from 7 to 10 October, the fruit begins to develop and ripen, turning from green to red, purple, and finally black.
November to February is the harvest season (freshness of olive oil is very important).
The nutritional value of olive oil:
Olive oil is rich in a variety of monounsaturated fatty acids, such as oleic acid and linoleic acid, as well as vitamins A, B, D, E, K and antioxidants.
Olive oil is considered to be the most suitable oil for human nutrition among all the oils found so far.
Democratic Summit Closes, Biden Says Freedom's Flame Will Never Be Extinguished
The online "Democracy Summit" (Summit for Democracy) hosted by US President Biden on Friday (December 10) concluded with the participation of government leaders from 110 countries around the world, as well as civil society and private sector leaders.
Biden said in his closing speech that the flame of freedom burns in the hearts of every person in the world, and the dictatorship can never extinguish it.
He also said that the plan is to hold the second Global "Democracy Summit" in 2022.
Tang Fei, the Taiwanese government representative and the current Hong Kong democracy and human rights activist in exile in the UK, also made a speech at the summit on the second day.
Biden said, "We know the work ahead is daunting.
But we also know that we can meet the challenge, because I have said before, as this summit has shown, democracy is everywhere.
The fire of freedom can never be extinguished by a totalitarian regime. It burns in the hearts of people all over the world and all over the world. ”
Biden also said that defending democracy requires the joint efforts of the whole society.
He said, "As leaders of the government, we have the responsibility to listen to our citizens, strengthen the fence of democracy, promote reform, and achieve transparent supervision and governance that can resist the buffer and impact of authoritarianism and those who seek power at the expense of the public interest. "
The theme of the second day of the "Democracy Forum" was to defend human rights, consolidate democracy and resist digital authoritarianism, and to affirm the value of democracy.
It was the International Human Rights Day.
In his opening speech on the day, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Guterres, also said that democracy is facing challenges all over the world, especially the challenges brought by new digital technologies.
He said: "It's time to reaffirm our common values and positions, and the resilience of democracy.
This requires deepening social dialogue, solving inequality issues, fighting corruption, updating social contracts, investing in quality education, and expanding opportunities for women and girls.
This also requires a resolute condemnation of all forms of populism, nationalism and extremism, including the use of all the tools provided by technological revolution. "
Roger Shen, a democracy and human rights activist in Hong Kong, delivered a pre-recorded speech at the conference, reminding the participants to continue to pay attention to the human rights situation of ethnic minorities in Hong Kong and the Uyghur and Tibetan ethnic groups in China.
He said, "For a long time, the world has been accepting China's rise, but there has been no mechanism to hold it accountable.
That is why politicians and civil society leaders must work together.
We must use all that we have (resources) to ensure that the restoration of democracy is our top priority. "
Roger Wong also called on the free world to unite against the threat posed by the Chinese Communist Party.
He said, "Maybe some of you are afraid of offending General Secretary Xi Jinping, maybe some of you don't want to lose the Chinese market, and maybe some of you don't realize the threat posed by the CPC to our democratic values.
And that's why we failed.
This is also the reason why we must change. "
Tang Fei, a member of the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China (Taiwan), delivered a video speech at a roundtable discussion on "Countering Digital Dictatorship and Confirming Democratic Values" and stressed that Taiwan is standing on the frontline of confronting authoritarianism and despotism.
He also shared his experience on how to fight against the COVID-19 epidemic through information transparency and building mutual trust.
He said, "At a time when democracy is flourishing in Taiwan, we have always stood firmly in the frontline of the global fight against authoritarianism, and played a leading role in promoting global freedom, democracy and human rights.
Under the pretext of public health and collective interests, authoritarian governments around the world have justified the violation of human rights during the epidemic, and the global democracy has shown signs of regression.
However, in Taiwan, we can control the epidemic without shutting down, and we can defeat false information without shutting down."
At the same time as the schedule of the "Democracy Summit" on the second day, the US Treasury Department announced that it would impose sanctions on 15 individuals and 10 entities from China, North Korea, and other countries with serious human rights violations in accordance with the law, and impose investment restrictions on a Chinese company that has been identified as using surveillance technology to assist in human rights violations.
I have taken photos and uploaded them to you.
I know.
But the restaurant did not know why the delivery time was repeatedly postponed.
It was supposed to be #NUMBER#
So, I didn't call him back.
I didn't eat it.
I will definitely complain.
Why didn't you say it earlier?
Waiting for you for so long
No, I didn't get a call.
Please inform him to send it to our company.
I don't want to wait any more #NUMBER# minutes.
Waiting for an hour and a half for a meal
#PRS_ORG# has not been delivered.
I want to cancel the order.
Why not cancel it?
Hello, the chicken sent by the restaurant is fresh.
I want to try tennis, but I am afraid that I can't stick to it, so I want to find a similar price to practice first.
Unfriendly, in fact, the price is often proportional to the degree of friendliness, if you can't distinguish, the expensive will be more friendly than the cheap, this kind of "entry-level" is actually industrial garbage.
They are very weak, and the ball hits the racket, and the vibration is very large, and the hard ball cannot withstand it, and the high-handed players are difficult to control.
The logic and subtext are: tennis is so hard, you know you can't learn it, and you know you don't want to spend a lot of money, so we'll give you a cheap one, and you'll play with it for a couple of times, and then you won't want to play anymore. This way, the racket is cheap, and you won't feel bad about it.
When you can tell the difference between good and bad, it means you have made progress. Come back to me then to buy the expensive ones, and I will make two times the money.
Buy a similar-looking racket for a lower price, and choose a second-hand racket that is a little better, such as Prince or Dunlop. These brands are not well-known, so good rackets are not expensive. A new racket costs 500 or 600 yuan, and a second-hand racket costs 200 yuan. Don't you enjoy the experience of having a 1000-yuan racket?
Friendly to beginners, but useless after the beginner's stage, but most people, especially girls, can't pass the beginner's stage.
Orders have been repeatedly delayed in delivery time.
Could you help me follow up on this?
delayed
Thank you
So, in essence, I've already got credit?
Do I need to re-order next? The original order is no longer valid?
Hello, the food of this restaurant was delivered, but there were many missing, and the chicken was raw.
#PRS_ORG# said they wanted me to self-disqualify, please cancel
I ordered a delivery and there was no self-pickup involved.
Jiangxi to train 10,000 rural primary school teachers in 3 years - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Nanjing, May 22 (reporter Chen Yuxuan) Reporters recently learned from the Education Department of Jiangxi Province that in order to strengthen the guarantee capacity of the urgently needed teacher team, to achieve the balanced development of rural compulsory education, from 2016, Jiangxi Province planned to train 1,000 qualified music, art and physical education teachers for each primary school in rural areas (townships and below) within 3 years.
It is understood that the training targets for this time are teachers in rural primary schools in Jiangxi who are 45 years old or younger and have music, art, and physical education knowledge or skills, and who can teach other subjects in addition to music, art, and physical education.
Through training, they will acquire the basic knowledge and teaching skills of music, art and physical education, update their teaching ideas and concepts, master modern teaching methods, improve their teaching ability, activity design ability, campus culture ability and self-development ability, and build a team of multi-talented music, art and physical education teachers to alleviate the shortage of music, art and physical education teachers in rural areas.
In order to ensure the quality and effectiveness of the training, Jiangxi also planned to train one person in each county (city, district) primary school music, art, and physical education, a total of 300 trainers, to improve their teaching demonstration leading ability, research activity design and organization ability, training ability, and network study workshop construction ability, so as to play the role of teaching, demonstrating, guiding, and supervising.
Because waiting another 20 minutes would have been an hour #NUMBER# minutes.
I don't want the food that was made an hour ago
I've found the buyer of the wrong order
But my wheat rolls are gone
The editor will bring you the best facial cleansing cream.
How good is the facial cleansing cream?
1. Hanbang Skin Care Makeup Kit Moisturizing Whitening Spot Removal Brightening Skin Tone Beauty Box (Facial Cleanser, Toner, Moisturizer, Essence, Eye Cream)
Recommendation: It has the effect of lifting and tightening, multi-peptide repair, sculpting tight skin, saying goodbye to sagging skin, improving crow's feet and fine lines around the eyes, and excellent moisturizing effect. It can quickly penetrate the skin.
The product has a shelf life of 5 years, and the packaging is anti-counterfeiting, whitening, and contains (mL/g). The packaging is a gift box, suitable for mixed skin type, whitening, moisturizing, moisturizing, and contains (mL/g). The packaging is a gift box, suitable for lifting and tightening, the packaging is sealed, and the place of origin is Jiangsu Suzhou. It is not a special-purpose cosmetic product, and it is not a special-purpose cosmetic product. There are currently 14000+ reviews, with a good review rate of 99%. It is rated as very good to use, and the packaging is very good.
2. Hanbang skincare cosmetics set with hyaluronic acid, mild cleansing, moisturizing and hydration, large water light moisturizing luxury gift box (face wash, toner, cream, essence, moisturizer)
Recommendation: It has the functions of repairing, moisturizing, whitening and tightening the skin. It can improve the problem of rough skin and enlarged pores. It is very suitable for mixed skin. It is clean and not dry after washing.
The shelf life of this product is 5 years, whether it is a special purpose cosmetics or not, the product packaging has anti-counterfeiting, suitable for mixed skin type, moisturizing, suitable for skin age 25-34, net content (mL/g) 120ml+120ml+100ml+6g*3, moisturizing, product packaging has outer box, product packaging has seal, product origin is Jiangsu Suzhou, currently has 7700+ ratings, with a good review rate of 99%. It is rated as clear and comfortable, moisturizing effect is good, high-end and elegant.
3. Oshine Makeup Set - Nutrition Moisturizing Crystal Waterproof Moisturizing Skin Care Gift Box for Women (Facial Cleanser + Toner + Eye Cream + Cream + Moisturizer)
Recommendation: Deep cleansing of the skin, help you wash away the dust and oil on the skin, fine pores, and can effectively moisturize and whiten the skin, improve the condition of dark yellow and spots, and help improve the self-healing ability of the skin. Continuous use can help improve the tightness of the skin.
This product has a shelf life of 4 years. The place of origin is Zhejiang Huzhou, whether it is a special purpose cosmetics or not, the effect is soothing and calming, the effect is whitening, the content (mL/g) is a set, the effect of moisturizing, suitable for any skin type, the effect of moisturizing, the packaging has an outer box, the effect of fine pores, the effect of deep cleansing, there are currently more than 220,000 reviews, with a good review rate of 98%, and the review is that it is comfortable to use, relatively high-end, and the packaging is good.
4. Hanhoo Red Plum Fresh Care Six-Piece Set (Skincare and Makeup Set for Women, Face Wash, Toner, Moisturizer, Cream, Eye Cream, Gift Box)
Recommendation: deep cleansing of pores, softening of aging keratin, lifting and tightening of skin, fading of facial fine lines, moisturizing and improving skin quality, preventing the occurrence of fine wrinkles, suitable for any skin type, gentle and non-greasy.
Hello, how long will it take to deliver the meal?
They have finished work.
Your driver's phone number is #PHONENUMBER# and his name is #NAME#
Please give me a reasonable explanation.
Yes, but your driver is a problem, please take care of it
Can you check if it's still on the road? If it is, it's best to send it
OK, if there really isn't any, I'll get my money back for the reservation.
In fact, there are many requirements for dressing and matching for girls who are slightly overweight.
The skirts of fat girls should not be too short or too long, and the length should be about the knees, which can cover the fat part of the thighs.
If the skirt is too short, it will reveal the fat on the legs.
If it is too long, it will give the impression of being short and fat.
If you wear it in three segments, it will make you look taller, that is, the upper body, skirt and long socks in different colors, which will give you a sense of elongation.
In fact, many dark-colored clothes are the standard for chubby girls (the author has experienced this point), and dark colors are also a good way to hide your body fat. Black short skirts are also the first choice of chubby girls.
Wearing darker clothing, especially a black mini skirt, will make you look slimmer.
If you have a big calf, don't wear your socks or shoes too noticeably.
The more popular it is, the better. And the color shouldn't be too bright.
To avoid making your legs and feet look fat when people are paying attention to them.
For girls who are a little bit chubby, it is important to tell them the tricks of dressing and matching.
Chubby girls should not wear tight short skirts, and the shirt should not be too short or stuffed into the skirt, which will make people feel very uncomfortable. If you have fat legs, you should wear black long socks or grid socks (the kind with fine grids), and choose a printed flared skirt with soft fabric, and wear a shirt with a ruffled collar, which can hide the shortcomings of chubby girls very well.
Of course, there are also some rules for fat girls to wear short skirts.
If you're wearing a short skirt, you should choose a top that matches the color of your short skirt, which will make you look taller.
Short skirts paired with high heels can make your legs look longer, which is the hottest combination of the summer!
If you are a plus-size girl with thin legs, you can choose a glamorous short dress.
Not only can it hide your belly, but it can also show off your advantages.
A-line short skirts will make you look slimmer, which is more suitable for fat girls. Choose a tight-fitting shirt to create a sense of layering, which will make you look slimmer.
Simple and simple white T-shirts can be paired with short skirts. Fat girls can also try it.
Plus-sized girls can also look fashionable.
As long as they can grasp the rules of dressing and matching, the chubby girls will also be the focus of attention.
After making changes in dressing, we should also exercise more in our daily life. Let's try to get rid of the label of "micro-fat girl" as soon as possible 😄
The 18th "World Beverage Innovation Awards" (World Beverage Innovation Awards) was jointly held by FoodBev Media and the German Nuremberg International Beer, Brewing and Beverage Industry Exhibition (Brau Beviale).
It attracted 279 entries from 25 countries and 22 different categories.
The final winner list will be announced on November 11 (British Summer Time) online.
We saw that the LP28 no-sugar acid milk of Yuancheng Forest won the best dairy drink award, and the "GOGO Wuhan" marketing of Yilian Mushi won the best marketing award. The packaging of Pepsi and People's Daily New Media also won the best packaging design/label award.
Laura Nettle, Senior Marketing Director at FoodBev Media, said: We are delighted to celebrate the 18th year of the World Beverage Innovation Awards with Brau Beviale.
From new flavours, new concepts and new functions to brands, packaging and manufacturing, we see the trends in the beverage industry as it continues to innovate in a more sustainable way.
The World Beverage Innovation Award honors the most ambitious new products and developments in the global beverage industry this year.
Below is the complete list of finalists in each category.
Ardagh Group's technology can melt 100% of the recycled glass into new bottles.
The bagged water is packaged in 100% recyclable packaging, which reduces packaging by 66% and reduces carbon emissions by 97%.
LatCub is 100% biodegradable, uses less paper, and does not use harmful glues or tape.
Ardagh Group's technology can melt 100% of the recycled glass back into new bottles.
The final list of winners will be announced on November 11 (UK time) on FoodBev Media's YouTube channel, FBIF will continue to report on it, please stay tuned!
Why so long?
I'm starving to death.
From 7:30 to now
Don't pick up if you can't handle it
I can go out and buy my own food, so I don't need to stay here #PRS_ORG#
Xinhua News Agency +: Beijing Youth Ice Hockey League fuels the enthusiasm for the Winter Olympics - Xinhua News Agency
On December 11, Peng Yangtian, a player of Beijing Dreaming ING team, made a shot during the game.
On the same day, the 2021-2022 season Beijing Youth Ice Hockey Club League continued to compete in various ice rinks in Beijing.
The league is divided into regular season and playoffs. The age range of the participating athletes is U6 to U18. The categories are divided into competitive and developmental categories, attracting nearly 3,600 players from 256 representative teams in the city.
After more than ten years of development, the Beijing Youth Ice Hockey League has become a platform for young ice hockey enthusiasts in Beijing to hone their skills and make friends, and has supplied excellent players to the Beijing Youth Ice Hockey Team and Youth Team.
The league plays a role in promoting the development of ice hockey among young people in Beijing, and helps to ignite the enthusiasm for ice hockey in the Winter Olympics, and lays the foundation for the development of ice hockey in Beijing after the Winter Olympics.
Girl Shoots Arrow to Raise Money for Sister: "It's just a flesh wound, so it's okay" - Xinhuanet
A girl stood in front of a large wooden board at Wulin Square in Hangzhou, with the words “human targets, 10 yuan per arrow” written on it.
A photo of a "Hangzhou girl willing to be a 'target' to raise money for her sister" went viral yesterday morning.
The photo shows that a girl in Hangzhou Wulin Square stands in front of a wooden board that is slightly taller than people, with the words “human targets, 10 yuan per arrow” written on it, indicating that people can shoot with bows and arrows after paying.
The behavior has sparked heated discussion among netizens.
Yesterday evening, the Public Security Bureau of Hangzhou Xiacheng District confirmed to the reporter of Beijing News that the police had confirmed that the girl was the sister who raised funds, but this kind of behavior was not worthy of promotion. After being reminded, the girl left the local police station yesterday.
Girl's street 'target' fundraising urged to stop
In the picture, a long-haired girl is standing in the shape of the character "qi" in front of a large piece of wood with the words "human targets, 10 yuan per arrow" written in black ink. Behind her is another piece of wood with her bank account number and WeChat, Alipay and other account numbers written on it.
The photo caused controversy after it was posted online.
Some netizens believe that this is "begging for attention", and there are also many netizens who are sympathetic to this.
“We found the situation at about 10:00 a.m. on the morning of the 23rd, when we were patrolling around the square. At that time, there were already a lot of onlookers. ”
The police at the Tianshui police station near the scene told the local media that there were two girls in their twenties who were selling goods. They were dressed in a youthful manner.
One of the girls was crying, begging passers-by to play the game; another girl was shouting on the side, saying that her friend’s sister had leukemia and was in urgent need of surgery. She asked passers-by for help.
We have contacted the local police in Guizhou and learned that the girl was fundraising for her sister's leukemia treatment.
Yesterday night, the Public Security Bureau of Hangzhou Xiacheng District told the Beijing News reporter that the girl’s name was Jingjiali, and she was collecting money for her sister Jingjiaying.
However, because the treatment still needs more than 300,000 yuan, it is difficult to find a good way to raise funds at the moment, so it did this.
He said that during the process, one girl was the target and the other was the shooter, but they did not participate in it. During the process, no one shot arrows, but there were onlookers who took pictures and posted them on Weibo.
After police identified the bow and arrows used as controlled weapons.
The person in charge said, "We do not advocate this way of fundraising."
After being warned by the police, she has left the police station.
Heat dissipation: good, thinness: convenient, material of appearance: satisfied. Acer has always been high in terms of cost performance.
The new machine is very good.
Performance is stable, four outlets for heat dissipation are not a problem, and it is worth recommending.
This Asus Shadow Knight Dragon gaming laptop is pretty good, the workmanship and materials are good, and the brand is reassuring!
HP Shadow Dragon is not expensive in terms of price.
I personally think that the Asus Shadow Knight Dragon is really good, the game effect: the game effect is comfortable, you can play most of the games, my PUBG frame rate is stable, very smooth, LOL is not a problem, CSgo is also easy to win, most of the three-A games can be played.
Heat dissipation: The heat dissipation is good, the fan is very powerful, the work is quite quiet, and the game effect with the full fan is not small.
Appearance material: The appearance is very cool and eye-catching. The display effect: The screen is very clear, and 1080p is enough for playing games.
I bought a notebook and I think it's pretty good. It's mainly used for design, and the price-performance ratio is very high. It's lighter than I imagined, and looks better than I imagined. The red on my butt is a very good-looking wine color. It's not so vulgar, and overall it's much better than I expected. I think it's worth buying. It's also very suitable for girls.
Two years ago, I started to contact the HONOR night rider, and after two years, the quality is good and the price is reasonable!
I also recommended my friends to buy this product.
I have already bought three of these machines!
It looks beautiful and the configuration is also very good.
I bought it for my nephew, but I thought I would wait for the 418 bank activities, but he needed it urgently, so I bought it in advance, so I didn't catch up with the big bank activities, which was a little regrettable.
However, the price-performance ratio is quite high, and the logistics are quite fast. Let's give it a review after using it for a while.
A brand new, high-value-for-money gaming notebook, with a very good design and already installed Windows 11 and Office 2019.
Display effect: I bought a 3D rendering software for my child, the software has been installed, and the child said that it can be used, and this computer can do 3D design work.
He said it was good for his son.
The computer is good, especially the customer service attitude is very good. If you don't understand, just ask, and I recommend buying it.
It's not bad, the quality of the game is really good
What was the hottest thing in 2021?
It's the Tokyo Olympics.
Do you think only Olympic athletes can win awards?
Recently, an article titled "Look! Project Managers Can Win Gold Medals in the Olympic Games" was very popular. The article mentioned that project managers can be the first in many projects, and no one can compete with them: bricklaying, traveling, staying up late are the daily routine of project managers, and firefighting, taking the blame, and apologizing are not a problem.
An article that seems to be a joke, but also reveals the daily hardships of project managers, and represents the lack of enthusiasm for current project management work.
People engaged in project management also gradually choose some actions to get rid of the difficulties in their work.
From the increasing number of PMP (certified project management professionals) registration, it can be seen that more and more project managers are improving their project management skills through learning.
According to the "China Project Management 20-Year Development Report (1999-2019)", as of September 2019, the total number of PMP® exam candidates in China was nearly 600,000, and the number of PMP® certified people was about 420,000, and the number of valid certificate holders was about 300,000, accounting for 31.2% of the global PMP® certificate holders.
The number of PMP certified people has been increasing year by year, which shows that more and more project managers have realized that it is no longer possible to rely on simple copying of past "old experience" to do things, and the ever-changing work environment makes us know that we need to learn, and stand on the shoulders of scientific giants to explore the road ahead.
However, does passing the PMP guarantee that project management work will run smoothly?
Many project management beginners said that by learning PMP/IPMP and other relevant courses, they can systematically master the ten major domains and five major process groups of project management, but they still feel confused when they actually do project management work.
Many project managers often report the following problems: lack of project management awareness, relying solely on personal experience, lack of practical application of project management theory, not knowing how to practice; lack of systematic project management process and regulations, work cannot be implemented in practice, project estimation is not accurate, sensitivity to control is poor, and the project is delayed again and again; the division of labor in the team is not clear, and the “old oil” in the team does not know how to deal with cross-departmental assistance communication is not smooth, and the project is difficult to advance ……
Therefore, after focusing on product innovation and R&D management for more than ten years, it has helped many excellent enterprises cultivate a large number of product managers, project managers and other key R&D talents, and has won the honorary titles of “China Enterprise R&D Management Talent Training Base” and “China Enterprise R&D Management Talent Training Base”, and the “Research and Development Project Manager Special Training Camp” online course of Zhongtian Huaxia Consulting has come.
The online course of "Development Project Manager Training Camp" is a way of online fragmented learning. It combines the practical cases, tools and methods of many development-oriented enterprises, and helps you master the knowledge and standard actions of project managers, and take the next step in your own project management.
It is also an opportunity for companies to promote the process of cultivating project managers with lower costs and less investment, and to achieve high-efficiency operation results.
This course is not only by the expert team of Zhongtian Huaxia (the former R&D management team of Huawei), but also by the international advanced project management methodology and the real business scenarios of many well-known enterprises. The expert team of Zhongtian Huaxia (the former R&D management team of Huawei) will give a comprehensive and profound explanation of the course content.
Moreover, it will provide scientific and practical management tools and methods, rich templates and forms to help students to convert and apply the learning content after the course.
One shrimp dumpling order, please?
Why is there six fingers on a chopstick?
JD.COM Promotes Reasonable Consumption on the Eve of Double 12 - Economic Observer - Professional Financial News Website
The total amount of national network payment business transactions during this year's "Double 11" shopping festival reached 177 trillion yuan, which was higher than that of previous years.
The variety of discount coupons, the eye-catching live-streamed shopping once again made consumers feel the benefits, and this wave of consumer enthusiasm has made people marvel at the strength of the national consumption power, and also made people reflect on the influence of consumerism on society and the mainstream consumer group.
Before the arrival of "Double 12", Jiexin Consumer Finance Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Jiexin") issued a rational consumption advocacy, reminding all users, especially young people, to establish a good consumption awareness and consumption habit, and to refuse blind consumption and excessive consumption.
According to the results of the "Consumer Financial Literacy Survey Analysis Report" released by the People's Bank of China this year, the national consumer financial literacy index is 66.81, which is 2.04 higher than that in 2019.
In general, the performance of Chinese residents in financial consumption is good, but there are great differences in financial behavior and skills, and the basic financial knowledge needs to be further improved.
The financial literacy of the elderly and young people is relatively low, and "the old and the young" will continue to be the focus of continuous attention of financial education. The "Young People's Debt Situation Report" released by Nielsen and the "2019-2020 China Youth Consumption Report" released by CCTV Finance showed that young people have great consumption potential, and credit consumption has become an important channel for consumption upgrading. 86.6% of young people are using credit products, and nearly half of them have no debt accumulation. Although the overall consumption trend of young people is rational, it is different from the "over-consumption" label attached by the outside world, but some young people have over-consumption and follow-the-trend consumption behaviors, which have caused great financial pressure and debt risks, and even caused social problems to gradually increase. Financial enterprises should be willing to bear social responsibilities and provide positive guidance.
As a licensed consumer finance institution, Jiexin has always been committed to providing high-quality and considerate services to help the people build their own happy life, and advocate that consumers establish a good and correct consumption attitude, and actively respond to the supervision calls, and improve the rational consumption awareness of consumers, especially young consumers.
Over the past few years, JCB has launched a comprehensive and diversified financial knowledge promotion activities for young people, including university students, and has guided the consumption needs of young people through various forms, such as launching innovative practice competitions in cooperation with top domestic universities, to reasonably guide the consumption needs of young people, help them establish rational consumption concepts, and reasonably plan their consumption needs, so as to help them accumulate wealth throughout their lives.
As Double 12 approaches, Jiexin reminds all consumers to establish a reasonable consumption awareness and a correct money view, to resist blind consumption and excessive consumption, to avoid falling into the trap of consumption loans, so as to avoid affecting personal credit and future economic life.
Consumers should plan ahead and pay on time.
If you are late, the overdue record will be recorded in the personal credit report, which may have a negative impact on your economic life in the future, such as buying a car and buying a house.
At the same time, when enjoying financial products and services, it is also necessary to choose regular institutions and channels, and pay attention to checking whether the relevant institutions have operating qualifications.
In the future, Jiexin will continue to rely on its mature and reliable consumer finance system and continuously updated financial products to provide consumers with more tailored and diversified services. It will continue to help the general public improve their financial knowledge, help consumers cultivate rational consumption and moderate borrowing concepts, and become consumers’ lifetime trustworthy consumer finance partners.
I won't go
I am a delivery man.
I've been waiting for an hour and no one has contacted me, this is online fraud
You think I'm ordering takeout for the first time?
After the investigation, you will also say this! I checked the address several times before placing the order.
Okay, thanks! How many days?
Vietnam News - Gulf Cooperation Council faces common challenges
The stopover of the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, Muhammad bin Salman, includes Oman, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Qatar, Bahrain and Kuwait.
Notably, this is the first visit of Muhammad bin Salman, the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, to Qatar since the ban on transportation to Qatar was imposed by Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies in the middle of 2017, which led to the diplomatic crisis in the Gulf.
Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain and Egypt severed diplomatic ties with Qatar and imposed a full embargo on it, accusing Qatar of supporting terrorist organizations and having close ties with Iran.
The diplomatic tension has seriously affected the internal unity of the Gulf Cooperation Council, and has had a negative impact on the economy of the countries in the region.
Four Arab countries have blocked land, sea and air routes to Qatar.
The crisis was resolved at the Gulf Cooperation Council summit in January 2021, with the signing of a US-Kuwait-mediated agreement to move towards "unity and stability."
Saudi Arabia has reopened its border with Qatar.
Saudi Arabia and Egypt are working to restore ties with Qatar by appointing new ambassadors to the country.
The Gulf Arab states have resolved their differences to restore relations with Qatar in accordance with the need to unite for the common interests and regional stability in the face of common challenges.
During the visit of the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia to Oman, both sides agreed to open the first direct land route between the two Gulf neighbors.
The 725-kilometer long channel will provide convenience conditions for the travel and supply chain integration of citizens of both countries.
Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund (PIF) will invest $5 billion in Oman, and 13 cooperation memorandums worth $30 billion were signed between the two countries.
The Saudi Crown Prince's visit to the Gulf coincided with Iran's talks with the world's major countries to save the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) - an Iranian nuclear agreement that the Gulf Arab countries blamed for not being able to solve the missile issue with Iran.
The Gulf countries have always regarded Iran as a long-term "rival" and Iran's nuclear program as a "threat" to regional security.
The countries of the Gulf believe that if the Iranian missile issue is not resolved, and action is not taken to curb Iran's activities in the region, it is incomplete.
In the background of the nuclear talks between major countries and Iran could not meet the wishes of the Gulf countries, Saudi Arabia held direct talks with Iran.
Its aim is to contain the escalation of tensions in the region.
This is one of the factors that contribute to the economic growth of the Gulf Cooperation Council countries.
The upcoming HRC summit will be the first summit of the HRC countries since some member countries ended their disputes with Qatar.
This is an opportunity for the Gulf Cooperation Council to re-evaluate its diplomatic achievements in promoting the unification of the Gulf Cooperation Council and put forward a series of measures to make its member countries fully cooperate to face common challenges and contribute to the stability and development of the Gulf countries.
It's now 9:30 and still hasn't been delivered. I have to cancel the order and get my deposit back.
Good
It is said that the exhaust sound of the supercar in the New District is the loudest!
This time, our team brought this car to you, which is the dream of many men!
It is the flagship supercar from Lamborghini, the replacement for the Murcielago - the Aventador LP700-4!
The price is nearly RM200,000, the road tax is RM10,000, and it is a four-wheel drive. Why is it called the LP700?
With 700 horsepower, can you imagine how fast it is?
That's it, the editor doesn't know either. The acceleration from 0 to 100km/h only takes 2.9 seconds, which is about the time it takes for the myvi to go from 30km/h to 100km/h.
The short wheelbase, the aggressive scissor doors, the huge air intakes all around the body and the 6.5 v12 engine under the glass, perfectly represent the style of Lamborghini.
For the explanation of the car model, it is not necessary to say too much, just Google it. The editor has compiled some explanations that Google may not give!
Too much attention, everyone is looking at where I go, I feel uncomfortable! (It's actually fun!)
1km of petrol costs around RM1 (car owners don't care)
Getting in and out of the car is a bit of a practice, but it's worth it (because it's awkward to climb out of the car and get stuck halfway)
The engine noise was too loud, and I went deaf after getting out of the car (but it was still fun).
The car is too big, and it is very narrow to park in a normal parking lot. I am afraid that it will be knocked by the car next to it when it opens the door!
A bit lonely, because there was no competitor on the road (I said it myself, it has nothing to do with the car owner, haha)
Please don't misunderstand, this supercar is not for sale, sorry!
Friends who want to shoot videos for their cars are welcome to contact us!
For more car information you don't know, please visit The Car Guide / People's Car Guide.
Million-dollar crash!
The Bugatti Chiron and Porsche 911 are well-known to car enthusiasts, and the Chiron is one of the most expensive supercars in the world, while the Porsche 911 is priced in the million-dollar range!
The day before, foreigners knocked down the million-dollar Porsche 911 and the million-dollar Chiron in just a few minutes!
The result is convincing!
Let the spirit of the university resonate with the spirit of the times - Xinhua
The so-called university spirit refers to a series of educational concepts and value pursuits accumulated by a university over a long period of time during its development, which is the soul of the university.
From ancient times to the present, the spirit of universities has played an important role in the development of politics, economy, culture, science and technology, as well as the progress of a nation.
Since the birth of the first modern university in the world, universities have borne a unique mission that is different from other social organizations. For Chinese universities, they were born in the autumn of the national crisis, and their spirit has been deeply influenced by traditional culture and the changes of the times. They advocate the values of “cultivating virtue and benefiting the world” and “strengthening the country through education”.
At present, the trend of higher education informationization and internationalization is becoming more and more obvious. The global competition in education, science and technology, and talents is becoming more and more intense, and the higher education industry, as an important "supply-side", is facing unprecedented opportunities and challenges in its structural reform.
In particular, the proposal of the "Comprehensive Plan for the Coordinated Development of World-Class Universities and World-Class Disciplines" has not only demonstrated the confidence and determination of our country to advance from a higher education superpower to a higher education powerhouse, but also put forward higher and more stringent requirements for the development of universities.
How to strive to enter the ranks of world-class universities in a short period of time, while there is still a certain gap, and accelerate the construction of a number of world-class universities and a number of world-class disciplines, so as to achieve "overtaking"?
Besides the confidence in the goal, path and ability, universities should also fully play the three advantages: one is the advantage of catching up, through continuous introduction of outstanding academic talents from overseas, learning and borrowing the advanced experience of world-class universities, realizing the significant improvement of academic level and management quality; two is the cultural advantage, inheriting the wisdom of five thousand years of accumulation of Chinese civilization, and promoting the development of excellent traditional culture, so as to consolidate the power, shape the brand, and enhance the image; and three is the advantage of the system, playing the superiority of socialist countries, strengthening the goal-oriented, gathering consensus, optimizing resource allocation, and providing a solid guarantee for universities to catch up with the advanced level of the world.
It is important to realize that building world-class universities cannot be a one-size-fits-all approach, and each university should play to its strengths while showcasing its individuality and characteristics.
The educational characteristics should have both common Chinese characteristics and unique characteristics in terms of goals, traditions and resource endowment.
For Zhejiang University, we have emphasized three aspects of specialty in our education: one is to highlight the talent cultivation of innovation and entrepreneurship, build an integrated environment for education and industry integration, and form a complete ecological system of entrepreneurship education; the second is to highlight the specialty of interdisciplinary convergence, promote the optimization and adjustment of disciplinary system, and create an institutional environment for interdisciplinary convergence; and the third is to highlight the specialty of the education system and social service, carry out in-depth international exchanges and cooperation, and accelerate the formation of a wide-ranging Zhejiang University-industry-research cooperation system.
During this process, it is particularly important to always uphold the spirit of the university and let the spirit of the university resonate with the spirit of the times.
For Zhejiang University, the “Seeking Truth from Facts” motto, the common values of “hard work, cultivation of morality, discernment, and perseverance”, and the common values of “embracing the Yangtze River and the Yellow River, opening the way for the people, and planting the foundation of the nation” constitute the latest expression system of Zhejiang University spirit.
This is an important guarantee for the school to adhere to the correct direction of education, to continuously accumulate cultural height and to consolidate the spiritual power, and it is rich in content and profound in significance.
Among them, "Hainanjianghe" emphasizes the spirit of openness and inclusiveness, which reflects the spirit of "the talents of the world are used by me"; "Qizhentongde" emphasizes the spirit of seeking truth from facts and striving for excellence, which reflects that universities should receive the cultivation of morality and the tempering and polishing of personality; "Kewumianmin" emphasizes the spirit of reform and innovation, which reflects the pursuit of new knowledge, the creation of innovation in research, and the reform and development; and "Shouwuguokun" emphasizes the spirit of patriotism and dedication, which reflects that universities should always be with the fate of the motherland.
This series of spiritual concepts and value pursuits is the soul of Zhejiang University's 120 years of education.
“The wise listen to the silent, and the intelligent see the unformed.”
Chinese universities should further focus on the overall situation of socialism with Chinese characteristics, deeply grasp the historical mission and time position of higher education, and accelerate the construction of world-class universities.
At the same time, it is necessary to uphold the spirit of humanity and independence, so that the spirit of the university and the spirit of the times, the spirit of the nation, and the spirit of mankind can be mutually stimulated, so as to provide an inexhaustible source of power for the realization of national prosperity and the revitalization of the Chinese nation, and for the realization of the common ideal of mankind.
Ordered a meal, got 2 things wrong
Orders
to pay the service fee to the courier.
How to pay now
Iranian President: If the sanctions against Iran are lifted, the Iran nuclear talks are expected to reach an agreement - Xinhuanet
Xinhua Tehran December 11 (Reporter Gao Wencheng Wang Shubao) Iranian President Rouhani said on December 11 in Tehran that if the United States lifts the sanctions against Iran, the Iran nuclear issue comprehensive agreement talks can reach a "good agreement".
According to the Iranian President's website, Raisi said during the meeting with Iranian ambassadors to neighboring countries that Iran has proven its sincerity in negotiations by submitting proposals to other parties to the JCPOA.
If the US side is determined to reach an agreement, "the path to reach an agreement will be smooth".
The parties to the Iran nuclear agreement began to hold talks in Vienna, the capital of Austria, in April this year to discuss the resumption of compliance between the United States and Iran.
The new round of talks began in Vienna on November 29, and will resume on December 3, and continue on December 9.
No delivery yet
Please contact the rider
Xi Jinping sent a congratulatory letter to the 2021 Greater Bay Area Science Forum - Xinhua Net
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 11 - President Xi Jinping sent a congratulatory letter to the 2021 Greater Bay Area Science Forum.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the world is currently undergoing a great change that has not occurred in a century, and that the global technological innovation has entered a period of intense activity. The new round of technological revolution and industrial transformation has profoundly affected the global economic structure.
The Greater Bay Area of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao should strive to build a global innovation highland and promote the development of emerging industries.
China is willing to work with scientists from all countries and international scientific organizations to strengthen international scientific exchanges and cooperation, intensify the research on major scientific issues, promote common scientific and technological breakthroughs, deepen the cooperation of key scientific projects, and jointly promote the development of world science.
The 2021 Greater Bay Area Science Forum opened in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China on the day of the forum, with the theme of "exploring the future and sharing science". The forum was hosted by the Guangdong Provincial People's Government.
Yes, the order is in the acceptance state.
But the restaurant called to say that because the rider was not delivering bones, the restaurant would have to cut the meat and throw away the bones.
Do you understand my question?
Not a delay in orders
Or you can call me directly
Are you following up?
The maximum duration of student leave for entrepreneurship in Guangxi University is 5 years - Xinhua News Agency
Xinhua News Agency, Nanning, May 19 (Reporter Zhang Ying) According to the news from the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region Education Department, in the future, all universities in Guangxi will implement flexible study systems, and the year limit for undergraduate students will be relaxed, and the year limit for undergraduate students who are on leave to start businesses can be extended by 2 to 5 years on the basis of the original study period, and the time of leave to start businesses can be regarded as practical education time.
In order to promote the improvement of entrepreneurship and innovation ability of university students, the departments of education, human resources and social security in Guangxi jointly built a platform for entrepreneurship, built more university students’ off-campus practice teaching bases, university science and technology parks, university students’ entrepreneurship parks and entrepreneurship incubation bases, and provided external guarantees for university students’ entrepreneurship.
According to the requirements, by 2020, the area of innovation and entrepreneurship practice bases of all universities should reach 3,000 square meters for undergraduate schools and 2,000 square meters for vocational schools.
The government encourages universities to set up innovation and entrepreneurship credits, and give priority to supporting students who perform well in innovation and entrepreneurship practice to change their majors.
College teachers should spend at least two months at industry enterprises for on-the-job training every two years to enhance their awareness and ability of innovation and entrepreneurship education.
The Autonomous Region Education Department requires all universities in Guangxi to deeply implement the plan to train college students in innovation and entrepreneurship, and strive to make every college student participate in an innovation and entrepreneurship training plan during their college period.
Higher education institutions should actively organize students to participate in various levels and types of innovation and entrepreneurship competitions, and provide financial support.
NEWS GOV-MO: UWA Honours Degrees Awarded to Seven Outstanding People
The University of Macau held the "Graduation Ceremony of Honorary Degrees and Higher Degrees in 2021" on the 11th of this month to award honorary doctoral degrees to Liu Zhongyi, Chen Kaiyan, Nakamura Shuji, Li Lanan, Li Xiaoliang, Zhu Liulan and Jiang Chaozhi for their outstanding achievements and contributions to society and education.
At the conferment ceremony, the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong SAR Government and the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Hong Kong, Ouyang Yu, presented the honorary doctorate degree to the President of the Council of the University of Hong Kong, Lin Jinqing, and the President of the University of Hong Kong, Song Yonghua, with the accompaniment of the Chairman of the Council of the University of Hong Kong, Lin Jinqing, and the President of the University of Hong Kong, Song Yonghua.
Professor Liu Tingyi was awarded an honorary doctorate in education, Professor Chen Kai was awarded an honorary doctorate in science, Professor Chino Yamamoto was awarded an honorary doctorate in science, Professor Li Lan’an was awarded an honorary doctorate in science, Professor Li Xiangliang was awarded an honorary doctorate in science, Professor Zhu Li-lan was awarded an honorary doctorate in science, and Ms. Jiang Chaoxi was awarded an honorary doctorate in science.
Ouyang Yu first congratulated the seven outstanding people who were awarded the honorary doctorate degree, and expressed his sincere congratulations and high respect to them. They have made outstanding achievements in different fields, and made great contributions to the development of the country and the progress of the world. At the same time, Ouyang Yu expressed his sincere blessings to the graduates and their parents, and also expressed his sincere gratitude to the academically excellent and dedicated teachers of the university.
Professor Sun Yifeng, a visiting professor at the College of Humanities and Social Sciences, said that Professor Liu Tingyi is a world-renowned economist who is known for his outstanding academic achievements and forward-looking educational philosophy.
Besides his achievements in economic development, economic growth and the East Asian economy, he is also a visionary leader in education.
In short, he has made outstanding contributions in many fields.
Sun Yifeng, who read the congratulatory speech for Professor Kumagai, said that Professor Kumagai was a pioneer in the field of sustainable energy technology.
He was one of the three winners of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics for inventing the blue light-emitting diode (LED).
Professor Nakamura's invention has not only completely changed the lighting industry, but has also led to the widespread application of white light-emitting diodes (LEDs) in daily life and industrial production, which has made a great contribution to human welfare.
Sun Yifeng read the congratulatory speech for Li Lan’an. Li Lan’an, a pioneer in China’s artificial liver industry, created a unique and effective Li’s artificial liver system, and made a major breakthrough in the treatment of severe liver failure and liver failure. She significantly reduced the mortality rate of liver failure.
In the fight against COVID-19, she and her team proposed the "four-resistance, two-balance" plan and brought the artificial liver, microbiome and stem cell three major technologies, which significantly improved the rate of critical care.
Sun Yifeng, when reading the congratulatory letter from Li Xiangliang, said that Li Xiangliang Professor laid the foundation for the innovative research of operation management, shaped the thinking mode of supply chain theory and practice, and fundamentally changed the business model of the world.
Li Xiangyang is famous for popularizing the concept of the whip effect in logistics management, and he has explored ways to deal with this phenomenon.
In the current situation, with the epidemic and the tense economic situation, the whip effect is becoming more and more obvious, causing serious damage to the supply chain.
Li Xiangliang’s forward-looking research is like snow melting on a rock, helping the industry to overcome difficulties and bring great social value.
Sun Yifeng read the speech of Juliean when announcing her resignation. She found a breakthrough and innovative dyeing technology in her research work, and enjoyed a high reputation in the domestic and international scientific community.
She was awarded the honorary title of academician of the International Academy of Europe and Asia for her outstanding achievements in science and technology. With her brilliant achievements, she has won the deserved position in the world scientific temple.
Chen Xin, the deputy director of the Australian-Chinese Pharmaceutical Research Institute, read the congratulatory letter from Chen Kaixian. Chen Kaixian has been engaged in drug development for more than 40 years, and his outstanding scientific achievements and contributions to the country, Macao, Macao University, and the National Key Laboratory have made him have a lofty international status and reputation.
His positive promotion of the development of traditional Chinese medicine in Macao and the Greater Bay Area fully reflects his mission to contribute to the national pharmaceutical development strategy.
The President of the University of Adelaide, Xu Chengzhong, read the congratulatory speech of Mr. Jiang Chaoxiang. He said that the major inventions and patents developed by Ms. Jiang Chaoxiang have accumulated more than 15 patents related to storage virtualization, navigation, file system, and power management, which are highly practical and widely used, and have greatly improved the convenience of human life.
As a successful inventor, Ms. Jiang is often able to simplify complex technology and theory to make them accessible to the general public.
Finally, Chen Kai, as the honorary doctor, read the farewell speech.
He is very happy to see that the pharmaceutical industry in Macau and the Greater Bay Area has set a good example: from the first national key laboratory for Chinese medicine established at the University of Macau to the vigorous development of traditional Chinese medicine in the Greater Bay Area, the University of Macau has made great contributions to the integration of excellent talents in the field of traditional Chinese medicine in the Greater Bay Area.
In addition, he believes that the management team of the University of Adelaide has foresight and vision, not only providing research land for students, but also providing many talented people with a sense of responsibility to the society.
He is very honored to have the opportunity to exchange and cooperate with ANU, and he sincerely congratulates ANU on its achievements in recent years.
Does he have the right address?
I haven't seen it yet.
The courier just went to the wrong place, so I didn't get
However, I received
The app was unable to contact the rider at the time.
My family thought it was nothing.
But it's been an hour already
At the time when NFTs were quickly going mainstream, a new concept emerged in the cryptocurrency community.
In 2021, a blockchain game called Axie Infinity has had a huge impact in Southeast Asia, and some residents who lost their jobs due to the epidemic began to get stable income in this game.
Axie Infinity is a blockchain-based pet-raising game that combines multiple gameplay, and is currently the NFT project with the highest trading volume. As of now, it has exceeded 3 billion US dollars.
According to TokenTerminal data, Axie Infinity's daily revenue exceeded 8.2 million US dollars, approaching King of Glory.
On August 6, Axie Infinity official announced that its daily active users had exceeded 1 million.
The hotness of Axie Infinity has transmitted a new "play-to-earn" model to more people. With the help of blockchain and smart contracts, players are no longer a single role. They can not only get fun and economic benefits from the game, but also participate in the governance of the game ecology.
This subjectivity is not conferred by the game developers, but is guaranteed by blockchain technology.
When I saw the news about a friend's stock price, my biggest feeling was the choice of enterprises on the track, also known as the choice of investment targets. First, choose industries with large growth potential, with a market size of more than 100 billion; second, choose industries with good growth potential in the future, and consider industries with good growth potential in the future 3-5 years; and finally, choose industries with policy support.
The width of the track refers to the size of the market, and the length of the track refers to the development stage of the industry. The track is flat or rugged refers to the competitive landscape of the industry.
Cheer for the right track!
In the new year, the first thing is to summarize the adjustment of the tactical layout in 2021 and lay out the tactical layout in 2022.
The strategy is to "do the things right", i.e. to do things right.
The strategy is to "do the right thing", which means doing the right thing.
The strategy is to find the direction, and the tactics are to implement it. In most cases, there is room for strategic thinking above tactical thinking.
For example, how to increase the number of customers (strategic thinking) above the current domain, can be considered to continue to deepen in the current domain or to extend horizontally (strategic thinking); how to improve customer retention rate (tactical thinking) above, can be considered to improve the retention rate of core customers and high-value customers (strategic thinking); how to increase the participation rate of activities (tactical thinking) above, can be considered to set up the correct KPI of activities, achieve the correct goal of activities, such as increasing the participation rate of target customers, activating high-value silent customers, and accurately recruiting new customers; how to increase DAU (tactical thinking) above, can be considered whether the current growth is healthy and sustainable.
Born 12 years ago, Bitcoin has witnessed several milestones in 2021.
On September 7, El Salvador, a small country in Central America, declared Bitcoin as legal tender, which is the first time that Bitcoin has become legal tender of a country or region.
On October 12, the US Securities and Exchange Commission approved the ProShares company to launch a bitcoin ETF for the first time in eight years, and listed it on the New York Stock Exchange. This marked the first time that a regulated bitcoin futures ETF entered the US capital market, and the expansion of the cryptocurrency investment gap.
From the perspective of blockchain technology development, Bitcoin is not the main character.
On November 14, 2021, Bitcoin underwent a soft fork upgrade called "Taproot", which improved the anonymity of Bitcoin network transactions and reduced the data load of transactions by changing the data structure of the block itself.
Mary's Chicken, no Mary's Chicken Sauce
If the chicken is just eaten, it will be hard to eat.
Is your $32 discount code only valid for a certain amount of money?
Is it possible to cancel within 15 minutes?
I'm typing in the code and it's asking me to confirm my order.
Good
So, I don't get a discount?
Hello
The meal ordered was not delivered.
The rider has been sent on his way.
I hope you can come on time, not to get your discount coupons! !
What problems have you encountered in the initial registration of the first-level cost assessment and the continuing education study hours?
Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof of continuing education Failure to provide proof
Standards for Continuing Education Fees for Cost Engineers
The cost of continuing education for construction engineers who participate in online continuing education shall be paid by each management unit at the time of registration. The standard is generally as follows: the cost of compulsory courses of 30 hours is 300 yuan per person per year (including the uniform textbook of continuing education);
The fee for the 30-hour elective course is 300 yuan per person per year.
The fees for 30 hours of compulsory courses and 30 hours of elective courses are 600 yuan per person per year (including the uniform textbook for continuing education).
1. Participate in the continuing education of registered cost engineers through the network of the China Association of Cost Engineers or the provincial and departmental management agencies, and calculate the time of the online learning course according to the time recorded in the online learning course;
2. Participate in the collective face-to-face training of registered cost engineers organized by the China Association of Cost Engineers or the provincial and departmental management agencies, and the various types of training courses, seminars, etc. can be recognized for 4 hours per half day;
3. Participate in the continuing education of the China Association of Cost Engineers, the provincial and departmental cost engineers, and the cost engineers and cost engineers, and each half day can be recognized as 10 hours;
4. Participate in the research of provincial-level projects of the China Federation of Industry and Commerce, the compilation of industry standards, and the writing of textbooks, and each project is recognized for 30 hours per year.
6. Participate in the textbook writing and examination of the national construction cost engineer qualification examination, and can be recognized for 30 hours per year;
Seven. Engineering cost-related professional papers and books published with personal signatures and open to the public (based on the official serial number).
For every 10,000 words, 12 hours are recognized;
For each thousand words of articles published in national journals, 8 hours will be recognized; for each thousand words of articles published in provincial journals, 5 hours will be recognized; for each thousand words of articles published in city journals, 3 hours will be recognized.
9. Participate in the training organized by the engineering cost consulting enterprises approved or authorized by the National Federation of Engineering Cost Consulting Enterprises, the Provincial Federation of Engineering Cost Consulting Enterprises, and the Provincial Federation of Engineering Cost Consulting Enterprises, which are open to the public (except for the general management and technical training of enterprises). Each half-day can be recognized as 4 hours, and the maximum can be recognized as 30 hours per year.
The Continuing Professional Development (CPD) process for Quantity Surveyors
After the registration institution received the fees, the student identity was immediately opened, and the cost engineer could enter the online education classroom to learn with the user name and password.
Students learned through watching video clips, asking and answering questions, and online discussions.
If you forget your password, you will not be able to log in when you enter your username and password. Please contact your registration institution if you cannot log in to learn. The registration institution can help you modify your password (but cannot modify your username), and use its modified password to log in again.
Scan the QR code to download the forum client.
Watch the live broadcast and video!
Schedule delivery
My order has not arrived yet.
The delivery person left, but did not collect the goods.
Please let the delivery person know that we are still waiting.
The restaurant had given the food to the cyclist 30 minutes earlier
The Visual Wedding Photography Base (in Hebei) has not yet opened a branch.
The wedding fashion is avant-garde, the makeup artist is also first-class, the shooting technology and angles are very professional, and the shooting effect is very good.
Very reputable seller, service attitude is also very good.
The makeup was very fine, and the team service was also very good. This trip was very happy, and the team was very professional. The seller's service attitude was very good, and we will introduce it to our friends. We are very satisfied.
Thank you to the photographer and makeup artist for giving me a unique wedding photo.
Thank you to all the staff who worked on today's wedding photo shoot, and looking forward to seeing the finished product.
Shooting a wedding photo is a physical activity, especially for the photographer, who is running and jumping all the time.
The makeup artist was very considerate and designed a makeup that was suitable for my face. The photographer was funny and witty when he was shooting, and he deserves to be praised.
Thank you to my photographer and makeup artist, I'm so glad I can still look this good at my age.
Compliment the bride, saying that she is beautiful and has a good appearance. She is a good wife and a good mother, and she will be thrifty and frugal in the future.
The groom has won, a lifetime of happiness, and a happy marriage.
The quality of the wedding photos is really good, just like what is said on the Internet, we and our beloved are very handsome and beautiful, and we are very satisfied.
The sellers' service attitude is also very enthusiastic.
This trip was not only to enjoy the scenery, but also to take beautiful wedding photos, and to get to know the photographer as a friend.
The wedding photos are too beautiful, I'm blown away by the photographer and makeup artist. You guys are super super professional.
I am very grateful for Mu sister's patience and meticulous guidance, and I like the photos I took.
When I saw the wedding photos, I couldn't recognize myself at first.
As long as the photographer is good, you can also have wedding photos that are as good as those of celebrities.
The most important thing about taking wedding photos is that the photographer and the makeup artist are aesthetically in line. Fortunately, I met them.
After seeing my wedding photos, I realized that I was also "cheating".
Asian American groups file complaints against Yale, 3 Ivy League schools over admissions discrimination - Xinhuanet
Xinhua Washington, May 23 (Reporter Xu Jianmei) More than 130 Asian groups in the United States submitted a complaint to the U.S. Department of Education and the U.S. Department of Justice on May 23 to protest against the discrimination against Asian applicants in the admission process of three Ivy League universities: Yale University, Brown University and Dartmouth College.
The Asian American Education Alliance, which led the appeal, held a news conference in Washington on the day.
Zhao Yuxiang, the chairman of the group, said at the press conference that the number of Asian applicants who meet the admission criteria of American top universities has increased by leaps and bounds in the past 10 years, but the proportion of Asians in these three American top universities has basically remained at the same level.
Many studies have shown that these universities have a so-called "comprehensive consideration" in the admission process, "long-term and systematic discrimination against Asian applicants".
Zhao Yuxuan said that in 2014, Sanders and other scholars found that among these three universities, the acceptance rate of Asians relative to applicants was the lowest among all ethnic groups.
The data of the US Department of Education also shows that Brown University and Dartmouth College have the lowest admission rate for Asian students among all Ivy League schools, and Yale University and Brown University have implemented racial quotas for Asian applicants for more than 20 years.
Zhao Yuxiang told the reporter of Xinhua News Agency that they hoped that the US Department of Education and the Department of Justice would launch an investigation after submitting the appeal, and would take measures to stop these universities from continuing to discriminate against Asians in their recruitment.
They also hope that the colleges and universities that have been sued will actively pay attention to this issue and change their recruitment policies for Asians.
Currently, the three universities that have been complained about have not made any response.
The Asian American Education Alliance was founded in 2015, when it complained about Harvard's admissions discrimination, but the U.S. Department of Education rejected it on procedural grounds.
In addition to the Chinese American groups, the groups of American Indians, Korean Americans, Japanese Americans, and Pakistani Americans participated in the appeal.
Need utensils
Just canceled the order
Why is it still being carried out?
Can you check if it has been canceled?
But I ordered at 5:09 a.m.
On the other end of the line, they don't know what they're talking about.
Can I call them directly?
In September 2020, Mr. Li learned from the real estate agency that a factory in Yuecheng Town, Yuyao City, Zhejiang Province was for sale. After visiting the factory several times, Mr. Li decided to buy the factory.
In December of the same year, Mr. Liu negotiated with the family members of the property owner, Lin Xiang, on the details of the purchase of the factory, and paid a deposit of 200,000 yuan by bank transfer on the same day.
Lin Xiong signed the "Deposit Receipt for Factory Purchase" as the payee, which stated, "If the buyer does not want to buy this factory, the deposit will be returned to the seller, and if the seller does not want to sell this factory, the deposit will be doubled back to the seller, and the two parties will sign a factory purchase and sale contract within one week."
However, after the two parties failed to reach an agreement on the main terms of the contract, such as the scope of the factory sale and the payment method, the house purchase contract was delayed.
Considering that the two parties could not reach an agreement on the contents of the contract, a few days later, Lin Xiong returned the deposit of 200,000 yuan to Liu.
After paying the deposit and preparing the house price, he was just one step away from signing the contract, but the seller changed his mind and refused to sell the house. This made Mr. Lu helpless and angry.
Therefore, Mr. Liu filed a lawsuit against Lin to Yuyang City People’s Court.
The court held that after the parties failed to sign a formal contract, it could not be blamed solely on the defendant, and it should be reasonably assumed that the negotiation failed, so the case should not apply to the forfeiture of the deposit, and the defendant should not bear the double return of the deposit liability for breach of contract.
After the first trial, the plaintiff appealed.
Recently, the second trial court upheld the original judgment.
【Legal Advice】 In the course of the transaction, you should fulfill your due diligence obligations.
As a buyer, you should perform the necessary due diligence when signing the contract, such as verifying the information of the property owner, whether the property is occupied by others, etc., and clearly stipulate the specific time and place of delivery in the contract to avoid disputes when performing the contract.
（German Radio International Chinese Service） After the "Democracy Summit" ended on Friday, the spokesperson of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China said on Saturday (December 11) that the United States held the "Leaders' Democracy Summit" to "draw ideological lines, weaponize and militarize democracy, use the name of democracy to do the opposite of democracy, incite division and confrontation, and divert domestic conflicts."
The Chinese government believes that "for a long time, the United States has imposed its own political system and value concepts on others, carried out "democratic transformation", imposed unilateral sanctions, instigated "color revolutions", and caused catastrophic consequences.
Democracy has already become the "massive killing weapon" of the United States to interfere in other countries.
This summit is a concrete action taken by Biden to fulfill his election promises.
The two-day meeting was held via video, with leaders from 111 countries invited, including the leader of Taiwan, but China and Russia were not invited.
Just before the summit, China and Russia criticized the United States for its own democratic problems and said that the United States was not qualified to hold such a summit.
There are also doubts internationally and in the United States, such as criticizing the invitation of some leaders with authoritarian and autocratic tendencies, such as the leaders of the Philippines, Poland, and Brazil, and doubting the true intention of the Biden administration, which is not for democracy, but for geopolitical purposes to organize this summit.
The newly-appointed German Prime Minister Scholz also attended the video democracy summit.
The statement of the Chinese Foreign Ministry on Saturday said that "the disease of American democracy today is revealed, and the problems of money politics, identity politics, party polarization, political polarization, social division, racial tension, and the polarization of rich and poor are becoming more and more intense." The democracy of the United States is built on the basis of capital and is a "game of the rich."
In his speech, US President Biden said, "As government leaders, we have a responsibility to listen to our citizens, strengthen the fence of democracy, drive reform, and achieve transparent supervision and governance that can resist the buffer and impact of authoritarianism and those who seek power at the expense of the public interest. "
He stressed that democracy is not something that comes naturally, "We must update it in every generation, and in my view, this is the defining challenge of our time. "
Biden also said that democracy and human rights "are facing persistent and worrying challenges, and democracy needs champions to defend them."
The United States pledged to launch a one-year action after this democratic summit, including a proposal worth 4.244 billion US dollars to strengthen democracy around the world and support independent media.
The United States hopes that each country will make specific and public commitments before the end of 2022 to improve its democratic system.
Biden said, "Let's make sure that all countries are living up to their commitments and report back to us next year on the progress we've made."
Yes, I'm afraid he sent the wrong address.
Ri Chang Restaurant (Beijing 5th Ring Road Store)
[Lemongrass] Environment: Average [Service bell] Service: The food was served very quickly. "Traditional Malay Cake" was my must-order dish. The cake was too fragrant, too soft, and too delicious. 😋 If you like sweet dishes, you must try "East River Stinky Tofu Soup". The soup was very fragrant and the tofu was very tender.
Taste is good, meat is good, and service is enthusiastic.
I haven't been to Rishang for a long time, and the fruit tea is still as good as ever. The ingredients are genuine, and the first time I ordered a steamed bun, it was the southern taste of the soft wheat flour that I love!
The curry is just right, the portion is very generous, the signature char-grilled chicken wings are as good as ever, the soup is also not bad, and the coriander is...
Taste is good, service is enthusiastic, and meat is good.
Jichang Old Shop has been a celebrity for a long time. It is located in Dongxiang Lou, Beijing, with wooden floors.
The hawker stalls outside always take forever to get food, and the woks are all cracked...
I haven't been to Rongchang for a few years, and the rise of various small shops specializing in Cantonese cuisine has dispersed the flow of customers.
It is rare to find a restaurant with seats available when you arrive, and the quality of the food is as good as ever.
Taste is good, meat is good, and main food is good.
Jiangchang takeout.
The main meal was a bit of a disappointment.
Three-cup chicken: The side dishes are a bit too much, and the chicken meat is a bit too little.
The taste of the main ingredient is a bit off, the saltiness of the base is not enough, so the sweetness is highlighted, everyone can imagine the sweet+various seasoning side dishes...
What is the whiskey drinking etiquette for a red card?
Everyone has different hobbies, some like collecting, some like food, and some like drinking. Red Label is one of the most popular Scotch whisky in the world, and it has won the gold medal in the International Wine Competition.
Each bottle of red label whisky has its own unique flavour, but if you don't know how to taste it, you're wasting its sweetness.
So, how do you drink a red whiskey?
Let's take a look at it together.
Red Wine Whisky Drinking Method:
The J&B Rare Cask is a blend of about 35 single malt Scotch whiskies, with a rich aroma and traditional Scotch whisky characteristics, with a rich aroma and a sweet and smoky flavor.
The entry is rich and fresh, with a hint of herbs and a strong smoky malt flavor.
The wine can be served chilled on its own, or mixed with your favourite drink.
Red Whisky entered China, in order to adapt to the taste of the Chinese people, Red Whisky + Coca-Cola or Sprite or Pepsi became a fashion that has lasted for a long time.
These sweet drinks can not only neutralize the acidity, but also give people a pleasant visual effect when they are added to drinks. They can also have the effect of diluting the taste of alcohol and changing the taste.
Red Whisky + Sliced Lemon + Sugar (or brown sugar), is the most authentic and traditional way of drinking.
The original red wine has a slightly sour taste, adding sugar can neutralize the sour taste, and lemon can bring a fresh fragrance to the wine, of course, the sweetness and acidity can be adjusted according to personal preferences.
The above three are the best ways to drink red wine whiskey, and everyone can try it as a reference. I hope that the introduction of the editor can help everyone.
Education Thoughts: How do college entrance examinations make "geniuses" and "dunces" get what they deserve? - Xinhua News Agency
Three students from Lanzhou University wrote letters to school leaders to express their confusion about the university examinations, and proposed to increase the difficulty of the examinations, change the examination types, and let the examinations truly reflect the actual ability of students.
Indeed, the university entrance examination has been a "hot topic" for a long time.
In the university campus, students come from all over the world, with different abilities and different levels of learning.
It is inevitable that there will be different perceptions when assessing such a diverse group.
Of course, if the examination questions are of a single type and have a high repetition rate, and the questions are too simple, it will inevitably lead to a different feeling.
Students who do not study hard may be able to pass the exam by cramming just before the exam, but if they want to find other ways, they may achieve the effect of doubling their efforts.
As a result, “academic slackers” can pass the exam even if they don’t put in the effort, and “academic superstars” don’t miss a single class, and their homework and notes are always good, and their test scores are not much higher than those of their peers.
From this point of view, the students of Lanzhou Jiaotong University who reported the problems in the college entrance examination are not without reason. I believe that this situation is not only in Lanzhou Jiaotong University, but also in other universities.
From this perspective, we should applaud the three students who wrote letters to express their feelings.
In fact, those who have graduated from college are well aware of the fact that cramming for exams, trying all sorts of ways to “steal” exam questions from teachers, and trying to expand the scope of the exam are not uncommon, and even in the exam, there are cases of carrying small notes and asking teachers to raise their hands after the exam.
In my opinion, as a teaching quality evaluation direction, measuring whether a university exam is qualified or not is more related to the comprehensive grasp of teachers on teaching and learning, as well as the scientific setting of the exam.
When entering the undergraduate stage of university, the specialty begins to subdivide, and many specialty courses are based on basic knowledge.
There is no doubt that whether or not to master the basic knowledge points of a discipline is the content of college entrance examination.
The basic knowledge of undergraduates is basically the basic theory and basic knowledge of the discipline, and the changes in the knowledge points are not great, and they are basically fixed.
As a teacher said, "20 years ago, the basic knowledge of university mathematics was learned, and it is still being learned, and it is still the focus. "
However, the knowledge points are basically unchanged, which does not mean that the examination types are single and the test questions are repeated.
In many universities, the exam is generally formed by the examination group, and the test paper is coordinated by the senior teacher of the discipline, and the examination is reviewed by all the teachers of the discipline, which can to a certain extent overcome the situation of repeated test questions.
However, it is necessary to design a set of test questions that are in line with the actual situation of teaching and learning. The difficulty of the questions should be distributed in a normal distribution according to the overall situation of students' learning. In addition, it is necessary to comprehensively grasp the situation of teaching and learning, comprehensively analyze the degree of students' learning, and dynamically grasp the difficulty and types of questions. At the same time, it is necessary to highlight the examination of basic knowledge, and at the same time, it is necessary to pay attention to the examination of ability. At the same time, it is necessary to innovate the types of questions.
The exam is the baton of university education, and what kind of exam the students take will determine the corresponding preparation plan. If this continues, it will affect the effect of university education.
Lanzhou University of Technology attaches great importance to the suggestions of students, and has deployed the rectification plan throughout the school.
It is required that each teaching unit organizes teachers to hold discussions and comparative examinations at the end of the course, formulate examination questions and relevant regulations, and strengthen supervision and inspection of the examination questions and the examination and inspection of the examination. At the same time, it is required to strengthen supervision and inspection of the examination questions and the examination and inspection of the examination in the examination and inspection of the examination. At the same time, it is required to strengthen the comprehensive assessment of all aspects of the course.
Solving the problem of the single type of test questions and the repeated questions is the issue that the university examination needs to face. Of course, the corresponding regulations need to be issued, but the effort is in the daily routine. Teachers need to have a comprehensive understanding of the teaching situation, not only to digest the teaching content, but also to digest the learning situation of students. The two sides need to be digested, and the teaching and learning will be better connected, forming a positive interaction, and the examination will be more in line with the actual situation, so that “academic stars” and “academic dregs” will get what they deserve.
If I can't change the location of the store, can I change it to delivery?
So I don't have to give you any more money, right?
My colleague's orders have been delivered.
I couldn't finish it.
GPS? Where is it?
Golden Lady Bridal Photography (South Street) does not have a branch
Before taking photos, we changed the time twice because of our time was not arranged well. Lan Lan, our consultant, was very patient to help us arrange the time.
I chose a sunny weekend to shoot it later.
Mrs. Kim's staff, whether advisors, makeup artists or photographers, were all superb.
It was my first time doing makeup properly, wow - I can't believe I'm going to look like that one day, haha.
Xiao Jie and another sister (sorry, I don't remember her name) were very patient with makeup, and the makeup was very natural.
The outdoor scenes were shot in Jingwan City, and fortunately, the weather was good that day, so I didn't feel cold. The makeup artist paid attention to our clothes, headwear, and accessories from time to time. If there was anything wrong, he would immediately help us fix it.
The photographer was also very funny, and after a day of shooting, he felt very happy.
When choosing the photos, because I saw a lot of cases on the Internet, I didn't want to let the customers delete too many photos, but when we chose the photos, we really didn't have the idea of adding photos (I heard that my cousin, who took wedding photos at the same time as me, added more than 10,000 photos to the 7,000 yuan package, and I was shocked. I was also afraid that I would choose too many photos)
The photos were fixed today, and Lan Lan sent them to me, and I saw that there were two photos that I thought were not very good, and they immediately helped me to fix them.
I compared the photos my sister took before, and I felt that our photos were really satisfying, simple and fresh, which was exactly what I wanted.
I really recommend everyone to go to Xianhan to take wedding photos!
Retail price: RMB 3,999
Mrs. Jin sincerely wishes you all a happy and prosperous life, and a bright future!
How much is this set?
What conditions must be met for $32 to be used?
That's fine, no need to refund
Your driver says he can't find it
Couldn't find
But I couldn't understand what he was saying in English.
The editor brings you the best mechanical watches from Omega.
How good is the Omega mechanical watch?
1. Swiss Omega OMEGA Constellation series couple watch, automatic mechanical men's watch, quartz women's watch
Recommendation: Inheritance of Switzerland, the art of time is in the wrist, Omega elegant and simple, not pretentious, but very charming, can be worn for commuting and formal occasions.
The couple style expresses the sweet love between the two, and they are together all the time. The delicate hands are moving.
No price yet.
2. Swiss Omega (OMEGA) watches Diver's series steel bracelet automatic mechanical men's watch couple watch quartz female watch 424.10.0.20.02.002/27.60.55.001
Reason for recommendation: Swiss-made, must be a masterpiece, Omega watch, a slim and elegant gold watch, couple watch, which can both show the noble status and show the sweetness of love.
The pointer design of the time scale makes the time scale more clear, and the dial adopts the popular blue dial, and the overall design is simple and clear.
The brand Omega, stainless steel strap, blue dial, mechanical (automatic) movement, waterproof 30 meters, display type dial, national unified warranty, flat connector, stainless steel case back, men's watch 39.5mm, women's watch 27.4mm, connector size 20mm, butterfly clasp, sapphire crystal glass, currently has 3 reviews, with a 100% positive rate.
3. Swiss Omega OMEGA butterfly series couple watch men automatic mechanical female quartz 424.10.37.20.01.001/24.60.01.001
Recommendation: Swiss-made, quality benchmark, this Omega watch uses a high-precision movement, couple’s design, simple and elegant appearance, the flow of time flows from the edge of the pointer, always in a continuous and steady pace, suitable for business people to wear, releasing the charm of the wrist.
4. Swiss Omega (OMEGA) watches, Constellation series, automatic mechanical watches, men's watches, fashion women's quartz watches, couple watches
OMEGA Couple Watch, one watch, deposit
Reason for recommendation: It is imported from Switzerland, which makes it of excellent quality. The Omega is elegant and sophisticated, simple but very charming, and can be worn for both commuting and formal occasions.
Stylish and elegant, it is full of feminine elegance. The jumping of the pointer makes me fall in love with you at first sight.
The strap material is steel, the movement type is mechanical (automatic), the clasp type is folding, the waterproof function is 30 meters, the watch case size for men is 39.5 and for women is 27.4, the display type is pointer, the warranty is national unified warranty, the watch strap interface type is flat interface, the watch bottom material is stainless steel, the watch face color is white, the brand is Omega, the watch strap interface size is 18mm, the watch lens material is artificial blue sapphire crystal glass, and there are currently 20+ ratings and 100% of good ratings.
So, do you want me to return the curry sauce to you?
I only got half of it
There were six boxes, but I didn't see any of them delivered.
The company is overtime, and there is no lunch at noon. Who knows that the order will be canceled.
You are Zhen Ming, and this is your second week in Japan.
You're walking down the street, and suddenly someone is following you, and you run away.
The person chased after you: "Miss, please wait!" (Japanese dialogue in full). You stopped at the convenience store entrance.
Miss... I'm a director, I think you're very beautiful, would you like to participate in a reality show?"
You are confused and afraid that this is a scam.
He gives you a business card and you find out he is a director of a major Japanese entertainment company.
“Lady, if you have time, we can go to the company and talk about the fees.
You just happened to come to the company, and he said he saw you on the street, and he really wanted you to come.
You think there is no loss, and you can still make money, so you signed the contract.
It is a large-scale dating reality show divided into two parts.
In the early stage, the stars and the ordinary people will interact in real life, so as to cultivate mutual understanding.
Later, they will enter the game together to complete the challenge.
Next week, the official recording will begin, and you don't know who your partner will be, and what interesting things will happen?
So, is the system able to see the new orders?
So how do you handle that rider?
I can't accept orders that take 20 minutes to deliver
More than 3,200 newborn babies in Sabah without birth certificates due to shortage of anti-forgery paper
（Sarawak, Oct. 11） The Sarawak Registry of Births, Deaths and Marriages said that due to the shortage of special anti-forgery paper, it has been unable to issue birth certificates to newborn babies since October 1, and the cumulative number of affected people has reached 3,200.
However, the director of the Bureau of Immigration and Emigration, Khalu Aminu, assured that all babies who have applied for birth certificates have their information recorded in the system and will be issued when the counterfeit certificates arrive next week.
He made an explanation at the press conference on the issue of the paper printing problem of the Sarawak Report for more than 10 months.
He said the issue had appeared two months ago, and Sarawak was also facing the same problem.
One of the reasons is that the Chinese factory that produces special anti-counterfeiting paper is affected by the epidemic, which leads to the delay of delivery to China.
He explained that the anti-counterfeit paper used by the Sabah newspapers was different from that used in other regions, so it could not be borrowed from the stocks of other states.
Keluaminius revealed that the latest batch of anti-counterfeiting paper has been delivered to Kuala Lumpur on the 6th of this month, and will be handed over to the printing company on the 8th to carry out part of the printing work.
“The agency will send a person to Kuala Lumpur next week to collect the goods, and return to Sabah immediately for the final printing. It is estimated that it can be handed over to the applicant on December 20. ”
We will inform the applicants to go to the local bureaus to pick up the admission papers. "
He added that a total of 24,801 birth certificates have been issued in Sabah so far this year.
Waiting from 7:30 onwards
Isn't it about time?
I'm talking about food.
I'm waiting across the street from #PRS_ORG#
Good, thank you, because the restaurant said it was ready
People's Daily Commentator: "Good Start of the 14th Five-Year Plan" - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 11 - People's Daily Commentator: "Good Start of the "14th Five-Year Plan" - Commentary on Learning and Implementing the Central Economic Work Conference
“It has made a good start in the “14th Five-Year Plan” ”, the Central Economic Work Conference held from December 8 to 10 highly evaluated the achievements of China’s economic and social development in the past year.
General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered a keynote speech at the meeting, and made a profound summary of the economic work in 2021, deeply analyzed the current economic situation, and made major deployments for the economic work in 2022. He pointed the way forward and provided fundamental guidance for us to do a good job of economic work in 2022 and to welcome the successful convening of the 20th CPC National Congress.
We solemnly celebrated the 100th anniversary of the founding of the CPC, and officially announced the completion of building a moderately prosperous society in all respects and the realization of the first centenary goal, and opened a new journey to build socialism with Chinese characteristics and march toward the second centenary goal.
We held the 19th CPC National Congress and summarized the great achievements and historical experience of the party’s hundred-year struggle, and adopted the third historical resolution of the CPC Central Committee on the Great Achievements and Historical Experience of the Party’s Hundred-Year Struggle, which is a political declaration of the new era of the Chinese Communist Party to remember its mission and purpose, to adhere to and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics, and is a guide for action to learn from history, open up the future, and realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
Over the past year, the great changes in the world have been unprecedented in a century, and the new crown pneumonia epidemic has spread globally. The external environment has become more complex and severe, and the tasks of new crown pneumonia epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development have been extremely heavy.
The CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core has maintained the overall coordination of domestic and international affairs, adhered to the overall orientation of steady progress in work, calmly responded to the century-scale changes and the century-scale epidemic, coordinated epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development, accelerated the construction of a new development pattern, strengthened macroeconomic policy adjustment, vigorously promoted the sustainable and healthy development of the economy, vigorously promoted reform and opening-up and innovation, and vigorously completed the arduous tasks of reform and development. The Party and the country have achieved new major achievements in various undertakings.
The good start of the "14th Five-Year Plan" is an important aspect of which is to take new steps to build a new development pattern and achieve new achievements in high-quality development.
Our country’s economic development and epidemic prevention and control have maintained the global leading position, and its development resilience, potential and momentum have continued to be displayed. The national strategic scientific and technological force has accelerated its growth, and major innovation achievements have emerged one after another, and the technological innovation capability has been continuously improved. Key core technologies have achieved new breakthroughs, and the resilience of industrial chains has been enhanced, and the volume and quality of foreign trade have been increased, and the structure has been continuously optimized, with new growth momentum represented by new industries, new business models, and new business models. The reform and opening-up has been deepened, and efforts have been made to break through the bottlenecks in the matching of supply and demand and the flow of factors, and the annual grain output has been maintained at more than 1.3 trillion kilograms for 7 consecutive years. The construction of ecological civilization has continued, and the carbon peaking and carbon neutralization work has been comprehensively promoted, and the green and low-carbon transformation has made steady progress, and the ecolog
These achievements are the result of the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, the result of the scientific guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, and the result of the united efforts of the whole Party and the people of all ethnic groups.
Practice has once again confirmed that the Party has established Comrade Xi Jinping as the core of the CPC Central Committee and the core of the whole Party, and has established Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the guiding ideology, which has a decisive significance for the development of the Party and the country, and for advancing the historical process of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
With General Secretary Xi Jinping as the core of the Party Central Committee and the core of the Party, with Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the scientific guidance, with the unity and perseverance of the whole Party and all ethnic groups in China, we will certainly be able to overcome all difficulties and challenges, and create new glories in the new journey of building socialism with Chinese characteristics in an all-round way, and create new achievements in the new era.
The Party's 20th National Congress will be held next year. This is a major event in the political life of the Party and the country.
We must carry forward the spirit of the great founding of the party, adhere to the general tone of steady progress, comprehensively, accurately and fully implement the new development concept, accelerate the construction of a new development pattern, comprehensively deepen reform and opening-up, adhere to innovation-driven development, promote high-quality development, adhere to the main line of supply-side structural reform, coordinate epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development, coordinate development and security, and continue to do a good job of “six stability” and “six guarantees”, continuously improve the people’s livelihood, persist in stabilizing the macro economy, maintaining economic operation in the reasonable range, maintaining social stability, and we will certainly be able to maintain a stable and healthy economic environment, a harmonious social environment, and a clean and upright political environment, and successfully hold the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Let us more closely unite around the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as its core, strengthen the awareness of "four self-confidence" and "two safeguards", and enhance the ability of political judgment, political comprehension and political execution. Let us take practical actions to implement the decisions and deployments of the CPC Central Committee, and continuously push forward the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era.
So I re-ordered with points, thank you
Where is the self-pickup address?
I can't see the address.
Download Suning App
Follow Suning's WeChat public account
Save Money, Earn Money
Download Suning Finance APP
Follow Suning E-commerce Service WeChat
Super convenient, just like opening a computer, it solved the trouble of insufficient hard disk space on my computer.
The brand new solid state mobile hard drive just arrived today, the mobile solid state hard drive computer cannot read it, the mobile solid state hard drive computer does not recognize it, but the U disk computer can read it.
The machine is very light and the appearance is elegant and beautiful.
It was used for a whole afternoon, and the heat dissipation was very good, and basically felt no burning, and the running speed was very fast, and the start-up killed 99% of the users in an instant.
The battery is also very strong, the standby time is 9 hours, and the use time of 4 hours should not be a problem, in short, this price can buy such a quality machine, I feel very happy, and other functions will be supplemented later.
The appearance is very good.
Performance-wise, we will evaluate it after a period of time.
The machine is fast, bigger than I imagined, and the rendering effect is great. I like it, and I will give a review after using it for a period of time.
It's good, good, the serial number of this machine was found in Hong Kong, and the quality should be OK.
** is not big, it is heavy, it is not big at all, just a little bigger than 15.6 inches, and the operation is very stable, and there is no stuttering, the sound of the fan for heat dissipation is loved, it has a feeling, and it will not be like a gaming notebook that keeps spinning
The goods are good, much cheaper than the official flagship store, and they also gave a backpack, which I think is pretty good.
The service of the shop is also good, they reminded me to update the BIOS, and opened the ** in time.
Well done!
Heat dissipation: Excellent, basically no heat. Portability: Easy to carry. Material: Traditional Thinkpad design, satisfied.
The reputable seller carefully checked the appearance of the whole machine, all interfaces, no signs of refurbished or used, and confirmed that it was a brand-new American version. The configuration and page were the same.
Forgot to bring a backpack, they immediately helped me get a backpack, although it was not the original factory backpack, but the service and follow-up are enough to prove that it is a conscientious seller.
If you need to buy a notebook, you can buy it again.
Appearance material: The appearance is atmospheric, display effect: the screen resolution is OK, clear, thinness degree: it feels better, after all, the heavier the thing, the better.
Heat dissipation: I tried it out for a while, and I will evaluate it later.
The keyboard typing is pretty good, and they also sent a mouse and a converter. This configuration is quite affordable compared to the domestic version. In general, the machine is cheap and beautiful, and the performance will be evaluated after using it for a period of time.
This screen is so relaxing!
Easy to use, will review after some time!
Education Information: Beijing Compresses the Proportion of Talented Students Enrolled in Middle School in 2016 - Xinhuanet
On the 21st and 22nd, the enrollment examination of the special talents of the junior high school in Beijing was unifiedly organized by the education commissions of each district.
This year, all districts in Beijing have reduced the proportion of special talents, and the competition for special talents is more intense.
For example, the proportion of special talents in primary school to middle school in Dongcheng District is generally less than 5% of the total enrollment quota of the district. The planned enrollment number is 380 people, and the enrollment rate is less than 10% of the planned enrollment quota of the school.
Students with sports, art and science talents and who have registered online are eligible to participate in the special enrollment examination.
In order to facilitate students to take the examination nearby, the East District continued the arrangement of the examination last year, and set up 1-2 examination sites in each school district, a total of 13 examination sites.
The examination points are divided into examination rooms according to the examination regions, and the examination time is divided into time periods, and the students will enter the examination points according to the time periods to take the examination in different examination rooms in different examination regions on the day of the examination.
On May 23, the list of students who passed the examination was published online by the Education and Enrollment Testing Center of the district. Students could check the examination results online.
Can it be delivered in 10 to 15 minutes?
No food was received.
The key is that I haven't eaten anything tonight.
If it can't be delivered on time, it's better to say it earlier.
Chairman of the Olympic Committee of Bosnia and Herzegovina: I believe that China has the ability to hold a good Winter Olympic Games in a special period - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Sarajevo, December 11 - The President of the Olympic Committee of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kvesic, recently said that Bosnia and Herzegovina is looking forward to the Beijing Winter Olympics, and believes that China has the ability to hold the Winter Olympics in a special period.
Recently, Chinese Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina Qi Ping met with the President of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Olympic Committee, Kvesic, in the Olympic Center in Sarajevo.
During the meeting, Kvesic praised the China-Pakistan relations and said that he had visited China during the Beijing Olympic Games in 2008, and he was deeply impressed by the excellent organization work of the Chinese side. He believed that China had the ability to hold the Winter Olympic Games in a special period, and he was looking forward to the Beijing Winter Olympic Games. The Olympic Committee of Bosnia and Herzegovina was actively organizing the participation in the Beijing Winter Olympic Games. Bosnia and Herzegovina hoped to take this opportunity to expand the exchange and cooperation in the field of sports with China.
Qi Ping said that China and Poland have a special "Olympic link".
The 1984 Sarajevo Winter Olympics was successfully held here, and two months later, the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics will be opened, which will present a simple, safe, and spectacular event to the world.
The Chinese Embassy in Bosnia and Herzegovina hopes to further deepen exchanges and cooperation in the preparation of winter sports events, training of athletes, etc., and wishes to continue to play the role of the bridge, and take the opportunity of the Beijing Winter Olympics to promote the cultural exchanges between the two countries to continue to deepen, and let the people of the two countries “move forward together”. The Chinese Embassy in Bosnia and Herzegovina also wishes that the athletes from Bosnia and Herzegovina will perform well in the Beijing Winter Olympics.
Before the meeting, the Olympic Committee of Bosnia and Herzegovina held the "Tenth Annual Athlete of the Year" award ceremony, and Qi Ping was invited as a special guest to present the award to the best young athlete in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The promotional video of the Beijing Winter Olympics was played in a loop at the venue.
I'm so disappointed.
Will I get a refund?
It's not enough to be dissatisfied! The shipping fee is 20 yuan.
I can't do it! Can you ask that restaurant for me?
Thank you for following up, and some of the riders have done a great job as well.
Chocolate Addicts [French]Dominique Eno, translated by Miao Xiaoxia, Shanghai Science and Technology Press, 2017.
Original books support seven days no reason to return and exchange
My grandma's New Year's Eve 24 rhymes 24 rhymes 24 rhymes 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2022 2
Norat Books: Original "Crying Chocolate" and "Robber's Little Fist Fairy Tale" by Zhang Qiu Sheng, Grades 1-3, Norat Classic Stories Collection, Children's Books, and School Students' Extracurricular Books
【Jiaying Cash Book】2022 Grand View Xiaoshen 1000 Class 2nd Grade Grandma's New Year's Eve Chocolate 24 Solar Terms Grandpa is an Idiot My Grandma Lives in Guli Guli Weird Town Dumplings and Soup
Norat Books: The Original Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator by Roald Dahl, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Sequel, 7-9-12 years old children's literature, 3-4-5-6 years old children's literature
13 volumes, the great fox dad, the chocolate factory of charlie, the works of roald dahl, children's reading story books, 9-12 years old, elementary school grade 2, 4, 5, non-phonetic version, matilda round
The Complete Series of Horrible Science, 72 Volumes; Classic Mathematics Series, 12 Volumes; Classic Science New Knowledge, Natural Mystery, Electric Shock, Chocolate Secrets, Dangerous Mathematics, Grades 3-6 Out-of-School Reading Books
Some books are sold at a higher price than the set price, and the intermediaries are cautious.
The Chocolate in the Office: Seven Ways to Work and Be Happy (German) by Weissnoe - Translated by Chen Bao, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology Press, Yunnan Science and Technology
【Fast invoice, order with coupons, high-quality after-sales service, and support 7-day no-reason return and exchange】
Nora's Book, 6 Volumes, Zhuqing said, 10,000 students, 2nd grade supplementary book, a piece of chocolate, Grandpa is a dumb kid, said to learn to sing and dance the 24 seasons, distant mountains in winter, and the picture book of dumplings and tangyuan, my grandmother
Norat Books, the original version, the little monster Urala, the enlightenment of the museum of general knowledge, the book of all 8 volumes, the mystery of the chocolate factory, the transformation of transportation tools, the adventure of luggage transportation, the picture book of 3-4-5-6 years old
Norat Book, the original, you don't understand coffee + wine + bread + chocolate + tea, baking, cooking, tasting, making, tasting, food control, food culture, fashion life small encyclopedia.
The White Bread Children's Book Award, suitable for primary school students in grades 3-6, story books, summer and winter vacation reading books, and supplementary reading books.
Norat Book Original 3 Volumes French Blue Belt Sweets Encyclopedia, Chocolate Sweets Classroom, World Sweets Master's Creative Works, 100 Recipes for Beginners to Learn How to Make Desserts.
Norat Books Original 3 Books, The Complete Works of Roald Dahl, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory + Matilda + James and the Giant Peach 6-12 Years Old Children's Books
Hello, I've been waiting for this order for a long time.
Delay after delay
Thank you
Please help me cancel, each order is re-ordered.
I need an order to get credit?
Did we miss this order?
What time can I send it?
Impossible
The code includes four $20 discounts
#NAME# said to help me reorder.
I paid so much money to re-order.
But I ordered at 1:00 a.m.
48 hours of negative nucleic acid test, set "buffer zone" - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 11 (reporter Dong Rufeng, Guo Tiancheng) The State Council Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism recently issued a notice on strengthening the epidemic prevention and control work of border cities at ports, requiring that people who have recently left land border ports (except those with ports connected to Hong Kong and Macao) must present a negative nucleic acid test certificate within 48 hours, and people who have arrived at land border ports must undergo at least one nucleic acid test after arriving.
According to the notice, the time period for the above requirements is from the date of determining the port cities in each province, autonomous region, and municipality, and announcing it, to March 15, 2022.
In addition, the notice also proposed that cities with conditions could study setting up epidemic prevention buffer zones within their jurisdictions.
A person in charge of the Disease Prevention and Control Bureau of the National Health Commission said that for some border cities, cross-border border trade is the main economic pillar, and the frequency of cross-border border trade between the two sides is frequent.
Implementing differentiated management policies for different regions, from one line of control to two lines of control, is expected to move the control line forward, compress the risk of epidemic outbreaks, and achieve the maximum effect of epidemic prevention and control with the smallest social impact and the lowest social cost.
Recently, there have been a number of local outbreaks of epidemics in China, all of which were imported from border cities through ports.
The above notice pointed out that some places have not timely monitored and warned of the epidemic, the high-risk personnel have not implemented the closed-loop management, the regular nucleic acid detection is formal, the cold chain products have not carried out comprehensive disinfection in each link, the management of centralized isolation facilities is not standardized, and the epidemic emergency response is not scientific and accurate, etc.
The notice requires that we should focus on 9 aspects, such as improving the epidemic prevention and control mechanism of border cities, establishing an epidemic monitoring and warning system, implementing border control measures, etc., to make up for the shortcomings and weaknesses of epidemic prevention and control in border cities, and do a good job of epidemic prevention and control work in a meticulous and accurate manner, so as to strengthen the prevention and control of imported cases.
The notice emphasized that each port city should study and deploy epidemic prevention and basic livelihood protection work in parallel, publish and open the hotline for basic livelihood protection, and regularly check the emerging problems in the supply of basic livelihood materials, prices, etc., and timely solve and proactively respond to the prominent problems raised by the public.
According to the notice, the ports of cities included in the open land, water, and air ports include the counties (cities, districts, prefectures) where the ports are located, the cities (provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities) where the ports are located, and the cities (provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities) where the ports are located. The specific scope is determined by each province (autonomous region, and municipality) according to the needs of epidemic prevention and control, and announced in time.
Color: As shown in the picture (photography avoids color difference, the closest color of the real object will explain that the clothing color will become brighter due to outdoor lighting, please consult the color problem in advance before purchasing)
This item is vintage, and first-time buyers of vintage clothing should search for "vintage" or "vintage clothing" on Baidu.
Rarities.
There are inevitably some minor flaws in vintage clothing, so if you decide to buy vintage products, you should be mentally prepared for this. If you are a perfectionist, I will explain the obvious flaws. This is the characteristic of vintage products, and I think that good things are not affected by these minor flaws!
The second-hand products in the store are not accepted for return or exchange.
The so-called vintage, retro, and design will have a sense of retro, which is nostalgia. This is why we like vintage. We like the sense of time and quality of vintage.
So, if you can't handle it, don't say your clothes are old-fashioned, just say you're not suited for it!
Buy with no risk tolerance, online shopping has risks, and shopping needs to be cautious.
If the item is not suitable for the buyer, or the buyer does not like it, it can be transferred by the shop owner. Once it is sold, it will not be returned or exchanged. Please do not bid if you cannot do it. Thank you for your cooperation!
Sold in the circle on June 11, 2021.
Looking forward to the numbered order, the antique goods will not be refunded or exchanged after being sold.
Purchase Notice
All products sold in this store are non-refundable and non-exchangeable.
Take a few minutes to read the purchase terms
This store's products are photographed with real objects. Some products may have slight color differences due to the display and light, and we do not accept any color differences. Please read this carefully before purchasing, and do not use color differences as the reason for returning and exchanging.
This store does not accept different from imagined, style and style as the reason for return and bad review,
The sizes are measured from the real goods, so there will be errors, but we believe that the errors are very small. If you receive the size is not suitable, it is not possible to return or exchange, so you must consider carefully beforehand.
If you have any problems, please contact me immediately, I will solve it with sincerity, and if there are malicious reviews, I will complain to the bottom.
Everything we send out is carefully inspected beforehand, and there will be no problems with the quality.
Please confirm receipt of the clothes within 48 hours after receiving the clothes and give us a rating. Please be considerate of our hard work.
Oil pipe video reveals the truth of 20 years of bloodthirsty killings by the US military - Xinhuanet
（Video source: YouTube）
On December 11, a micro documentary named "Killers" on the YouTube platform attracted widespread attention.
The film tells the story of how the United States waged war in Afghanistan under the pretext of "anti-terrorism" and forced the export of American democracy through war. After 20 years of poverty, barbarism, bloodthirstiness, and the killing of innocent people, it has committed various crimes against humanity.
Misusing drones to attack hospitals, schools, and other civilian facilities, twisting human nature, and establishing a murder group.
Over the past 20 years, the US military has killed thousands of innocent Afghan civilians.
The US military set up "black jails" to torture and humiliate "suspects".
One atrocity after another has stoked more Afghan resentment.
As the video said, the US "war on terror" is "more terrifying" as it goes on.
The war has not brought peace, democracy and prosperity to the Afghan people, but only left the country in ruins and countless killings and destruction.
Let's watch the video together to expose the truth of the United States under the guise of "counter-terrorism" and bloodthirsty killing, and expose the hypocrisy of American-style democracy!
By chance, I saw the following article, from a commercial perspective and from the perspective of the storage period, why this customer wants the logistics company in the bonded zone to do canning, although canning is a deep processing, it is not within the scope of operation of the bonded logistics company, and the following text may be able to explain why the customer wants to do this?
I have visited many milk powder factories and contacted many milk powder production lines.
In fact, the ingredients of the powdered milk and the liquid milk are the same, and there is no difference between them.
So, everyone will ask: Why is the shelf life of the bag packaging one year, while the shelf life of the canned packaging is two years or more?
Or, you may ask: Why is the price difference between bagged and bulk so big?
In fact, many consumers, or mother-level consumers, think that the quality is better because the raw materials are different.
In fact, the raw materials are the same, but people think that the expensive ones are the best.
There are also consumers who eat it and say that the taste or flavor of the imitation is different!
Now I will tell you the reason why we should wear hearing aids. Where is the reason for wearing hearing aids?
Why is the price difference so great for the same raw materials?
Because most manufacturers consider the price when they set the price, if the price is too high, consumers will find it difficult to accept, which means that the manufacturer's profit is very low, or there is no profit, so how can the manufacturer survive?
So they have a very large increase in their pricing to protect their profit margin.
Therefore, most factories are promoting the packaging of hearing aids, rather than the packaging of bags.
And there are so many factories that spend so much money on advertising every year. Where does this money come from?
You can imagine.
So as society develops, the marketing promotion expenses, such as: promotional personnel in the market, display fees in the market, promotional gifts, advertising fees, etc. are also constantly increasing.
So, the manufacturers are constantly adding new products, and the prices are also constantly rising. In fact, these are new products that have emerged as a result of the increase in market costs.
The main purpose is to obtain higher profits, and the cost of raw materials will not exceed 3-4 yuan.
There are also some brands that will do anything to promote their products. They will hook up with doctors in hospitals to help promote their products, and they will take a 30 yuan to 80 yuan commission from each sale.
China's relevant laws are absolutely prohibited from such operating methods and methods. In fact, this kind of behavior is harmful to consumers.
If you have a can in your home, you can buy a bag of powdered milk and put it into the can, which can save money and increase the sealing and preservation of the powdered milk. It will not have any adverse effects on children.
Also, please do not think that the shelf life of the packaged in bags is longer than that of the packaged in boxes. If the shelf life of the packaged in boxes is the same as that of the packaged in bags after opening the package, but the packaged in bags is not easy to store after opening the package and is prone to moisture and spoilage.
The food was cold and hard, and there was no way to eat it.
And the soup spilled out.
I immediately cancelled it, and I'm sure the stuff they sent from #PRS_ORG# was cold by now.
I didn't get it!
#NAME# said that no one went to get it.
We called them up.
If you don't refund, I will report to the police.
#PRS_ORG# multiple times, today's experience is the worst
Unacceptable
Okay, you can
But also to remind restaurants and delivery riders
to avoid it happening again.
I want to know the exact delivery time.
The time keeps on delaying.
I don't know when it will happen.
If the order is cancelled, can the money be refunded?
How to pay the service fee to the driver?
A cyclist was confirmed to have been killed about an hour ago.
I'm tired of waiting.
Don't scare people off the starting line - Xinhua News Agency
When browsing the book market, you can often feel the popularity of success books.
The success books of today often advocate the "principle of the best" - that is, first assume or imply that you can "do it", and then tell you what you need to do.
It means skipping over the "how to do it" part, which is actually the most important and fundamental part.
Therefore, these books all have a common feature - either they work hard to the best of their ability, or they just give up; either they are 100, or they are 0; either they climb to the top of the mountain, or they just stay where they are.
This "best principle" makes everyone admit that it is "absolutely correct", but 99% of people will be frightened at the starting line.
Because this theory is promoting a "you have to make a 180-degree turn and commit to change" path, which is a fatal flaw for a lot of people.
For those who are set in their ways, stubborn, and unwilling to change, shouting "you need to change" in their ears is undoubtedly an act of self-deception and fooling oneself.
Most people will be intimidated by the word "change" and hesitate to move forward, and it is difficult to make a decision; or they will make a rash decision to "change" based on a momentary impulse, and they will be brave enough to take the first step, but it is often that the good scene will not last long, and they will give up after a short period of time, and it is difficult to see the continuity.
Mr. Ma Sanli's famous "From Tomorrow" skit is a classic example of this "universal human nature".
The biggest problem of the "best principle" is that the threshold is too high, and it often exceeds the ability limit of ordinary people, making most people "wondering at the door and sighing".
Perhaps, the "second-best principle" is a possible way for more ordinary people to walk on the road of relative success.
The core of the "second-best principle" is "lower the threshold" - it encourages the "theory of small victories", i.e. if you can't do 100, do 1; because 1 is always greater than 0; if you can't climb the mountain, you can climb the sand dune in front of your house, which is also better than standing still.
In short, it's better to do something than nothing.
Because the threshold has been greatly reduced, there is a greater possibility for ordinary people to persist, and the success rate will also increase if they persist in everything.
In fact, the successful path of following the "second-best principle" is a bit longer.
In short, the "best principle" may appear to make everyone successful, but in the end, it can only motivate a small number of people; while the "second best principle" can effectively motivate more people to benefit as much as possible.
Do I need to reorder now?
No one answered the phone.
Delay after delay
Not yet delivered
When will it arrive?
How to contact?
Cancel the order
I can't wait any longer, thank you.
He was two meals short, but one order was completed.
I would like to ask how to contact the rider.
The first rider just told me that there will be another rider to send
The resource volume of Qinghai Lake carp has increased by 7,100 tons this year - Xinhua News Agency
Xinhua News Agency, Xining, December 11 (reporter Liu Xiaofei, Zhang Hongxiang) The reporter learned from the Qinghai Provincial Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs that the latest monitoring results showed that the stock of Qinghai Lake carp increased by 0.71 thousand tons compared with last year, reaching 108.5 thousand tons, which was 40 times more than the initial protection in 2002.
The naked carp, also known as the "Tibetan fish", is a rare fish species in Qinghai Lake. It plays an important role in maintaining the safety and diversity of the "water-fish-bird" ecological chain in the Qinghai Lake region.
Due to the large-scale killing of people and the deterioration of breeding habitats, the number of Qinghai Lake crucian carp decreased sharply in the 1960s and 1970s. In 2002, the stock of Qinghai Lake crucian carp was only 2,592 tons.
In 2004, the Chinese Species Red List listed the greenback cutthroat trout in Qinghai Lake as an endangered species.
Since 2003, Qinghai Province has implemented the closure of the lake and the breeding of fish, and prohibited any organization, collective and individual from catching and selling carp in Qinghai Lake and its major tributaries and tributaries.
At the same time, through artificial propagation and release and the cleaning of the main inlet rivers of Qinghai Lake, as well as the design of scientific and reasonable "passage channels" and other measures, the protection intensity of Qinghai Lake carp has been continuously enhanced, and the resource volume of Qinghai Lake carp has been increasing year by year.
Yang Lin, deputy director of the Department of Agriculture and Rural Affairs of Qinghai Province, introduced that as of now, the artificial breeding and release of Qinghai Lake carp has implemented more than 180 million fish, which has contributed more than 23% to the recovery of Qinghai Lake carp resources.
The Three Rivers of Origin in Qinghai is an important ecological barrier and water source protection area in China and Asia, and Qinghai Lake is a natural barrier and ecological function area that controls the spread of desertification in the west.
In order to protect the ecological environment of the Three Rivers Headwaters and Qinghai Lake waters, protect water-dwelling wild animals, and maintain the biodiversity of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau, Qinghai has successively issued notices banning fishing in key areas of the Yangtze River, Yellow River, and Qinghai Lake since this year. This has built up a comprehensive ban on fishing management system covering the Three Rivers Headwaters, the Yellow River, and Qinghai Lake.
I used my #PRS_ORG# RED credit card to spend over $180 on food.
But the order did not deduct $20.
Original software, free trial, computer and mobile phone, no paper version
Notes and Explanation of the 2nd Edition of Advanced English-Chinese Translation Theory and Practice by Yuxuan Ye in 2022 and Explanation of Master's Entrance Examination Questions/Master's Entrance Examination Syllabus, Guidance Textbook, Review Materials, and Entrance Examination
2022 Yale Modern Television Journalism Notes and After-Class Exercises (Including Typical Questions) Explained/Master's Entrance Examination Syllabus/Guidebook/Review Materials/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Examination Questions/Entrance Ex
Original Phone Photography: How to Take Stunning Photos with Your Phone, Simple Tips and Tricks, Photography Composition and Lighting Techniques, Phone Photography Book, App Software for Post-Processing
High-quality books, quality assurance, high-quality services, timely delivery and worry-free after-sales.
Red Hat Linux System Administration Guide (CD)
Shen Shiqi, the king of animal novels, Shen Shiqi's collection of books: the golden leaf of the tiger cub [for group purchases, please contact customer service]
The information of the book is collected and uploaded by the software. If there is an error in the information, please refer to the actual book.
If you have any questions, please contact our online customer service!
The restaurant only gave me one bag, and I had to put it in the bag, it was cold
I was wondering if the takeaway is in a bag?
We only saw one bag
Wondering if it was a delivery error, or if someone took it, thanks
It's been an hour and they still haven't sent it
I just read an article about fake news, and it was too long.
For those men who don't know, let me give you a brief introduction.
Most girls will experience their first period between the ages of 13 and 15, and will go through menopause around the age of 50.
They will come on a more regular basis if you are in good health.
But it's not regular enough to be able to accurately predict, with a margin of error of about a week or so. You need to be prepared in advance, and sometimes the weather can be unpredictable (suddenly come earlier than expected).
The length of time, the amount of blood, and the severity of menstrual cramps vary from person to person. Some people bleed for three days, some for a week; some people bleed little, and some bleed a lot; some people have no reaction, and some are in so much pain that they need to be taken away by ambulance. Menstrual cramps change over time, and what was not painful before may be painful in the future.
Menstruation cannot be controlled, and it bleeds for 24 hours from the beginning to the end of a few days. The only thing that can be done is to use sanitary napkins or sanitary pads to absorb blood to prevent bleeding on clothes and chairs.
Dysmenorrhea is mainly caused by the secretion of prostaglandin, and it is effective to take paracetamol to relieve pain during the first few days of menstruation. After the pain starts, taking paracetamol has no effect.
During the premenstrual period, the uterus is filled with blood and excess progesterone is released, which makes it easy to have stomach cramps.
If you're roughly at the end of your cycle, and you suddenly get a stomach ache, you'll usually come on your period within two days.
It is best to change a sanitary napkin every two to three hours, otherwise it is easy to breed bacteria. Excluding sleeping time, the worst case is to change it 6 times a day, 7 days a month, which is 42 pieces. If you add the preparation in advance, there may be 50 pieces, which is not one piece per month.
（Modified a little bit, sanitary napkins do not need to be changed frequently. It can be changed every 5-6 hours, and it can be changed for up to 8 hours)
Hormones during menstruation may make you more irritable, and the hormonal changes during ovulation may make you feel unstable, which is very unfortunate. Your body is giving you a hard time.
But the official crime rate data can show that women's ability to control emotions is still very high, and they will not use emotional problems as an excuse.
It's not just blood, it contains shedding endometrial tissue.
The endometrium is the thinnest after menstruation, and it gradually thickens. It can be understood as the uterus is like a house, and every month builds a new house (the endometrium thickens) to welcome guests, but there are no guests, so everything is torn down (menstruation), and the cycle repeats itself.
It is very inconvenient to have menstruation. For several decades, for several days and 24 hours a month, it will cause abdominal pain and back pain. Who would like it?
But you were born because your mother had a period, and a period is to prepare a house for you to live in for 10 months when you first came to this world, so we should thank our mothers for having regular and healthy periods.
A lot of things women used to do were suppressed, society brainwashed women that it was dirty and shameful, but times have changed.
If someone feels nauseous about menstruation, feels nauseous about the female body's preparation for the birth of life, they shouldn't say it in front of a large audience, girls, stand up, don't think like that, you have never experienced it, you will never experience it, and you don't know much about it, men, don't be so ungrateful and ungrateful, how can you face your mother like this, how can you want your child?
Finally, sisters, try the sanitary napkins, they are really useful.
Today is the Winter Solstice, and sending the wrong gift is disappointing.
You have to order extra food for the kids to eat.
Hope that the shop can check the product when it is busy.
Does a footbath make your feet tingle?
Choosing the right foot bath basin can have a good therapeutic effect on foot care. Today, the editor of Guomei will answer this question. I hope it will be helpful to friends.
As people's health awareness increases, foot bath basins are becoming more and more popular among consumers, and a large number of products with different grades have emerged in the market, ranging from RMB100 to RMB1000, giving consumers a wide range of choices.
In terms of related data, compared with traditional household appliances, the sales of health appliances such as foot baths are booming, but there is no specific industry standard for foot baths, so there are certain safety risks.
“It’s just too dangerous to soak your feet in electric water!”
Mr. Li told the reporter that he bought a footbath for his father as a birthday gift recently, but his father felt numbness in his feet when he soaked his feet.
Mr. Li thought that the vibration function of the footbath was the cause at first, but he didn't expect that when he turned off the vibration function, his father still felt the tingling sensation in his feet.
Mr. Li tried the electric pen, and the electric pen lit up. Mr. Li was surprised to find that the water in the footbath was electrified.
Later, he contacted the merchant, and the merchant's attitude was not bad, although he returned the footbath, Mr. Li still felt uncomfortable.
Because he found that this popular footbath basin has no clear and detailed industry regulations in terms of the highest temperature setting, applicable to which groups of people, what materials are guaranteed to be harmless, etc.
However, in general, the foot bath basin will not have a problem of electricity, but it is not excluded that some products are not strictly inspected at the time of production.
Therefore, when purchasing, choose a detachable bathtub.
Water and electricity are separated, and there is no safety hazard.
You can also take the pencil test at any time.
The 13th Provincial Tea Expo Opens - Perspective Daily - Hunan Daily News - Huanqiu.com
On December 10, the Hunan Daily News reported that the 13th Hunan Tea Expo was held in the Hunan International Convention and Exhibition Center. Tea industry, innovation of tea science and technology, promotion of tea culture, and acceleration of the goal of 100 billion tea industry were displayed.
Hou Shunli, vice chairman of the Executive Committee of the All-China Federation of Supply and Marketing Cooperatives, and Ying Hong, vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress, attended the opening ceremony.
Professor Liu Zhonghua, academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, solemnly introduced the opening ceremony: the source of Lake Red in Xinhua is the rise of red tea, which injects new vitality into "Colorful Hubei Tea".
In recent years, the provincial committee and provincial government have vigorously supported the development of the tea industry, and promoted the construction of the 100-billion-yuan Hunan tea industry, forming the development pattern of "Three Hunan, Four Waters, Five Colors of Tea".
The tea industry in the province has increased innovation, and green tea, black tea, and red tea, the main tea types, have successively launched, and tea tourism has been promoted in the main tea-producing areas, driving tea farmers to increase their income.
Feng shui is changing, and red tea is making a comeback.
Experts in the tea industry in the province said that after picking green tea, they would pick red tea and black tea, and tea farmers would have income all year round, and the output value of tea gardens would rise straight.
At the opening ceremony, provincial leaders presented the certificate to the fourth batch of enterprises authorized to use the "Hunan Red Tea" trademark, and Xiangyang Xianghongzhiyuan was awarded the "Hunan Red Tea" trademark.
In the new tea hall of Xinhua, Fujian tea merchants saw a high mountain tea called "Binglixin" and immediately placed an order.
Wang Zhong, secretary-general of the provincial tea association, said that the current epidemic and other factors have some impact on the tea market, but from the scene of the tea expo, there are many highlights.
Xinhua red tea is a touch of red, which injects the connotation of tea culture. It is popular and hot, and the tea industry in Hunan welcomes a new spring.
If these foods are not hot, can they be canceled?
I don't want it, because I can't park down there," he said.
Metaphysics is the study of questions that cannot be answered by direct perception.
Metaphysics is the basic principle of philosophy, aiming to explain the basic nature of existence and the world.
The Chinese translation of "metaphysics" is derived from the phrase "The way above is called the Tao, the way below is called the tool" in the Yi Jing (Book of Changes). It was translated by the Japanese man, Ishikawa Tetsurō (Meiji period), from the word "metaphysic".
The branch of metaphysics includes ontology, natural theology and its extensions.
Essentially, ontology is "the study of what terms represent real things, and what terms represent concepts."
Metaphysical naturalism is the denial of the existence of God.
Its theoretical basis is that all phenomena can be explained by the concept of natural reason, which was proposed by philosophers who support science and evolution.
Methodological naturalism, on the other hand, is the study of God without reference to God.
Psychophilosophy is the branch of philosophy that studies the essence of consciousness and its relationship with the body (especially the brain).
Dualism and monism are the two main schools of thought on the relationship between the mind and the body.
Epistemology is a branch of philosophy that deals with the nature, origins, and limits of knowledge.
Ethics is the study of moral life; here, morality is defined as a set of rules accepted by a group of people or a culture.
There are mainly two types of ethics: normative ethics (abstractly studying the theory or essence of ethics or critiquing it) and descriptive ethics (judging various different moral views and giving moral advice for correct or incorrect behavior.
It studies what kind of ethical rules people should follow, applied ethics (applying ethical theories to real life situations, such as biomedical ethics and political ethics), and descriptive ethics (collecting information about how people live and making generalizations).
It is not a study of moral theory, but a study of actual moral agents (moral agents) making real choices, and of all the moral factors involved in those choices. It is a study of the moral views of social groups.
The history of ethics includes Greek and Roman ethics, and medieval Christian ethics.
Part 1: The ethical thought of humanism, represented by Valla and Montaigne.
The second part: the ethical thought of the Reformation, represented by Calvin.
The third part: Political ethics, represented by Machiavelli and others, modern ethics (17-18th century, British empiricism ethics, represented by Hume and others, continental rationalism ethics, represented by Spinoza and others, French enlightenment ethics, represented by Voltaire and others, German idealism ethics, represented by Kant and Hegel, English utilitarianism ethics, represented by Bentham and Mill, 19th century evolutionary ethics, represented by Spencer and Huxley, 19th century post-Kantianism ethics, represented by Kierkegaard and others, 19th century post-Hegelianism ethics, represented by Thomas Hill Green and others, transition period ethics (non-rationalism ethics, represented by Kierkegaard and others).
Logic is the study of "principles and standards of valid inference and proof".
Logic is usually made up of three parts: Inductive reasoning, Causal reasoning, and Deductive reasoning, which can be divided into formal logic and non-formal logic.
Aesthetics is the study of the essence and meaning of beauty.
#NUMBER# yuan has been received, which is the missing food.
Yang Xiongdao (Jiang Bo), born in the year of the sheep and the month of the sheep, on the grass of the sheep, suited to his position, is called Yang Xiongdao, or “Sheep Uncle”.
Because of the publication of the "Foreign Mystery Record" series of "Thai Mystery Record", "Indian Mystery Record", "Japanese Mystery Record" and "Korean Mystery Record", he is known as the "mystery genius" in the industry. He said that he was good at "talking nonsense seriously".
Tales from the Darkness, also known as Chinese Folklore Record, the "mysterious genius" Yang Haodan used his new work, Lampshade Black, to take you into the marrow of Chinese folklore. What are the stories that have been passed down from generation to generation? What are the tragic and moving love stories behind them?
The "wanderers" South Xiaolou and Yu Wenhua once again embarked on a journey of exploration to find the truth about their origins.
The "mystery genius" Yang Haonan shaved his head, and has accumulated more than 10 million copies of best-selling books!
The original "China Mystery Record", a new work after "foreign code", with the same author and the same protagonist, continuing the unfinished story of "Thailand Mystery Record" and "India Mystery Record"!
It's the same, you have to pay for a bottle of McDonald's sauce.
You call the restaurant and they bring it to you.
I didn't want to go downstairs to buy things, so I spent so much money on takeout
Ding Zilin: To my friends.
I sincerely thank all my friends for their humanitarian assistance during the 30-plus years since our relatives were killed. In particular, I would like to thank the humanitarian assistance that has continued uninterrupted since I issued a call for humanitarian assistance to my friends in China and abroad in early 1994.
Most of the deceased's parents have passed away, and the orphans have grown up and have jobs.
It is your generosity that has helped us get through the most difficult times.
The current COVID-19 epidemic is wreaking havoc around the world, and most of the donors are retirees.
Therefore, I earnestly request you to stop the humanitarian donation to the families of Tiananmen Mothers, which is a humanitarian assistance activity that should have been ended long ago.
I will always remember your kindness, and I believe that your good deeds will be recorded in history.
For various reasons, I can only express my wishes in this way, and I hope my friends will understand.
I wish you a sincere blessing.
Tao Yi said that he would like to take this opportunity to briefly introduce the history of 32 years of humanitarian assistance undertaken by the IFCSS and the MCDF.
In the process of humanitarian relief, the American Federation of Teachers and the Minnesota Chinese Democratic Foundation are parallel organizations, and the project executors often cross.
（Apple Daily photo: The Mothers of Tiananmen Square website is managed by Tao.） pic.twitter.com/UxID9ZGjzm
The relief funds are often not delivered to the hands of the victims of June 4.
In 1994, Tiananmen Mothers suggested that a special group be set up to coordinate and handle the receipt and distribution of humanitarian aid funds.
In 1998, MCDF established the "June 4 Orphans Education Fund", and after 11 years of implementation, in 2009, when all the June 4 orphans graduated from university, MCDF established the "June 4 Poor Elderly Assistance Fund" and has been implementing it ever since.
The funds for these projects came mainly from campus and social donations from the year of June 4, generous donations from individuals, and support from the Democracy Foundation of Tsinghua University.
It has also received support from the Rehabilitation Research Fund since 2018.
Until last year, 31 years later, the Tiananmen Square victims finally received a portion of the funds raised in Hong Kong in the name of Tiananmen in 1989.
During this period, China Human Rights also carried out its humanitarian assistance projects independently.
We understand that Mr. Ding stopped the fundraising for June 4, for the consideration of the donors. We are indeed some retired people, and our income is not as generous as before retirement. Therefore, we would like to express our gratitude to Mr. Ding for his "Letter to Friends".
We will respect the wishes of the bereaved families and terminate the project within two years and, if necessary, immediately resume it.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude and respect to those colleagues who have always been generous in donating and delivering humanitarian aid, risking their lives for many years.
Brand: Mesobiosystem
Origin: Mainland China
Color classification: droplet chip 1, droplet chip 2, droplet chip 3, droplet chip 4, droplet chip 5, droplet chip 6, droplet chip 7, droplet chip 8, double-layer droplet
Thank you for choosing our products. Before using our chips, please spend 5 minutes to carefully read the following contents:
Check the contents of the package after opening it.
If there is any missing, please contact customer service immediately.
The cover plate of the microfluidic chip is made of PC material, and please do not introduce solvents that react with PC.
Do not use a syringe pump to inject the chip directly, otherwise it is easy to leak.
The microfluidic chip with a common substrate is tested at 500mbar (100um channel depth) or 300mbar (50um channel depth) by pure water before shipment.
Glass substrate chips are tested at 800mbar (100um channel) with pure water before shipping. Please be careful not to hit the glass substrate chips with sharp objects during use, otherwise it will damage the substrate.
When using, consider the viscosity of the solution and do not exceed this range, otherwise there will be leakage.
The microfluidic microchips with common substrates are recommended to set the flow rate at less than 150ul/min under the condition of using pure water for the injection pump, and the oil phase flow rate is recommended to set at less than 50ul/min.
Consider the viscosity of the actual sample liquid, and increase the flow speed parameter value from slow to fast according to the actual viscosity of the sample liquid.
After the experiment, please clean up the internal channel of the general chip in time, otherwise it is easy to block.
Microfluidic chips are consumables and cannot be repeatedly used.
If the chip is damaged due to long-term use or improper operation, it will not be replaced.
If you need a microfluidic chip that can withstand higher pressure or flow rate, please contact our customer service.
The normal delivery period for the chip is within one week, and the stock can be shipped out within 24 hours after the spot part is sold. Please consult with the customer service before placing an order.
If you have any questions about how to connect our chips to the sample system, you can refer to the link below: https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/60474873, or search for "Jingguo" WeChat to get more help.
You can also visit our official website (http://www.mesobiosys.com) to download the catalogue to view our full product range.
For more information about our products, please contact our online customer service.
I'm on the other side of #PRS_ORG#
Hello
Could you please tell me that the delivery time is constantly extended?
How long will it take to get there?
Originally, it was scheduled to arrive at 16:10-16:30.
I'll see if I can get it to you by 7:30
Where does St. Street go?
Which street in Hong Kong leads to the Holy Street?
What is the order situation now?
I entered it in December last year.
So, this month, you can enjoy a $20 discount when you use your #PRS_ORG# RED credit card 4 times.
I didn't receive the order, can you help me check if the rider is still on the road
Hello, can you help me contact the rider and ask if he is still on the road?
I have not received an order, and I have not checked it. I have not received any food, and no one has contacted me to cancel the order.
I usually have take-out, and the management office will call to ask if it's okay to come in, but the management office has never contacted me.
Design is everywhere (Recommended by the Illustrated Guide to Reading for Primary and Secondary School Students in the Linxuan Series of Readings for Primary and Secondary School Students, Recommended by the Illustrated Guide to Reading for Primary and Secondary School Students in the Linxuan Series of Readings for Primary and Secondary School Students, Recommended by the Illustrated Guide to Reading for Primary and Secondary School Students in the Linxuan Series of Readings for Primary and Secondary School Students, Recommended by the Illustrated Guide to Reading for Primary and Secondary School Students in the Linxuan Series of Readings for Primary and Secondary School Students, Recommended by the Illustrated Guide to Reading for Primary and Secondary School Students in the Linxuan Series of Readings for Primary and Secondary School Students, Recommended by the Illustrated Guide to Reading for Primary and Secondary School Students in the Linxuan Series of Readings for Primary and Secondary School Students, Recommended by the Illustrated Guide to Reading for Primary and Secondary School Students in the Linxuan Series of Readings for Primary and Secondary School Students
Cambridge Dual Language Readers: Fatal Memories (Level 2, Cambridge KET Level Vocabulary Requirement 800+ Words)
Cambridge original version, international award-winning work, popular all over the world for 20 years, read by young people all over the world at the same time, included in the catalogue of the national school library, edited by the teachers of the national key secondary school, and the effect of listening to English and American voices in the theater
A new book about color 3-6 year-old children's picture book with illustrations by Peng Ying was selected into the new reading foundation catalog of Bologna Children's Book Fair.
New authentic invoices can be issued, and there are discounts for group purchases.
【Overseas direct booking】Descriptive Catalogue of the Writings of Sir Walter
【Little Translanguage Series for Primary and Secondary Schools】 Design is Everywhere (Selected in the Catalogue of Reading Guidance for Primary and Secondary School Students)
A black book about colors 3-6 years old children's picture book book illustration Bologna award-winning, selected new reading foundation catalog, preschool children's books, relay publishing authorized version
【Billable】Official Centennial Witness: Great Translator Danica Seleskovich: Memoirs of a Language Translator: Reference Books for Translators and Students
Authorized Dealer, Century Witness, Great Translator Danica Seleskovich, Biographical Literature, Memoirs, Simultaneous Interpretation, Reference Books for Translators and Interpreters, Research Publishers
【Original Books】【The Reading Collection of Xiaoling Primary and Secondary Schools】 Design, Everywhere (Selected by the Reading Guidance Catalogue for Primary and Secondary School Students)【Can be Invoiced】
#PRS_ORG# testified, and there was no one to take it, and #PRS_ORG# falsely accused me.
I repeat, I'm a delivery guy.
They did it, you didn't take it away, and then you blamed me for picking it up.
I demand that you cancel immediately, otherwise I will call the police.
Time Capsule Photography has no franchisees yet.
Member Reviews
Photo effect: I took two sets of clothes, overall it is not bad. I like this photo set more.
Service details: Because I was pregnant, I felt a little uncomfortable when I was doing makeup. The makeup artist and staff were very considerate. They let me rest for a while and kept pouring me hot water to drink.
Package price: 1000 yuan.
Thank you for the rabbit's review. I originally thought that the rejection of the ancient style was not suitable for the ancient style, but the finished product was so beautiful.
Thank you for Dandan's recognition, your satisfaction can make us full of energy to move forward, and we will continue to work hard!
This photography studio is really great! I highly recommend it to all my friends!
The reception, make-up, costumes, lighting, photography and post-production were all flawless.
The makeup artist is very meticulous, and will match your style to create a makeup that is suitable for you. The makeup products they use are all high-end brands.
Tian Liang, the teacher, is even more professional in photography.
The whole studio has an artistic atmosphere, and there are two little kittens to play with.
We work in Beijing, and the better photo studios in Beijing need to book half a year in advance. My colleague has taken photos in Beijing, and I looked at the photos and thought they were just so so.
I specifically sought out this studio, a place with a soul and a point of view.
Our facial expressions management is not good, we think this is the short version of most people, and the photographer Liang will shoot and record the natural and wonderful moments.
Makeup artist, photographer, post-production, a good team.
We and the people around us all praised it.
I have already recommended my girlfriend, and my girlfriend was also very happy when she saw the photos.
I hope that such studios will not be buried, and more people will find their own style and shoot their own style.
I am very grateful for the five-star review from Chengying and Jingling. Both of them are very creative newcomers, and we are a creative studio. As long as the customers like us, we will do our best with 100% effort. Thank you for meeting and getting to know each other.
The sweet and caring assistant, as well as the lively and cheerful photographer teacher, everyone in the team is very nice. It was a wonderful shooting experience, and the effect was much better than I imagined. Everyone worked hard, and I am very grateful to everyone. 😘😘
Thank you for your review. It is a coincidence to meet you. From Hohhot to Qinhuangdao, our trust is thousands of kilometers away. I am very happy to meet you. I will come to Qinhuangdao again next time.
How do I give the money?
The delayed meal has been delivered.
No rider to receive
Now, the restaurant staff is calling me.
A programmer who wants to share his personal experience.
If you want to enter this industry, you can choose to go to a place to train, but if you don't have this idea, it's better to self-study. After all, the cost of training is very high, and it takes 6 months to learn.
But if you are planning to dive into this industry, training is indeed a very good choice, especially for those who have weak self-control, training is a very good choice.
If you have a strong self-discipline, you can also choose to self-study, but it will be more tiring.
Of course, choosing a good training institution is very important.
First, we should look at the teacher force of this training institution. If the teacher force is not strong enough, this training institution has no meaning. Of course, some new training institutions do not have a strong teacher force.
Secondly, it is necessary to inquire about the training institution before choosing. It is best to inquire about the students of the training institution. After all, only the students of the training institution know how the training institution is. The teaching courses are good or bad.
Hello, I don't know how to answer your question, because I haven't made a certain introduction to your own situation. And the relationship between learning this thing and your own situation is very big.
For example, the field of study, age, the language you want to learn, and even the city you want to study in, will all be related to your field of study or the industry you want to work in.
If you are a student and haven't graduated yet, or if you are a computer major who has graduated, if you have enough time, I personally recommend self-study. This is the most efficient and cost-effective, and now many offline and online training institutions are also very good, but the learning cost is high, and the investment in time is also relatively large, and you need to concentrate on training for 3-6 months.
However, if it is what I said, self-study is very convenient. There are many learning resources on the Internet, and there are many training resources on B站. If you don't know how to find resources, you can contact me through the introduction and get free resources, or you can also ask for detailed consultation.
There are also some classic books that can be combined with video learning.
If you are not a computer major but can afford to pay some learning money and time cost, it is recommended that you go to the training institution to learn. This way, you can learn without too much effort, and the teacher’s explanation is also very detailed. If you have any questions, there will be someone to answer them. In addition, it is also helpful in learning planning and supervision.
Moreover, many training institutions will sign employment contracts, and there are internal recommendations, and after learning, they will recommend you to go to the company. In this way, the interview stage of finding a job can also be saved.
The above is my opinion, and I have only briefly introduced it. If you have any other questions, you can contact me at any time to exchange and communicate.
I said 10 minutes before, I saw it on the app
What is called
I haven't finished yet, what are you doing?
I, undertake all kinds of (installation, cleaning, maintenance), hot water heater, purifier, washing machine, air conditioner, toilet, stove, exhaust fan, lighting, sealing, housekeeping services.
Thank you to those who silently gave me a thumbs up, and I will continue to work hard for a better life.
Life will not disappoint those who work hard. If you like it, please pay attention to me. Thank you for those who silently gave me a thumbs up.
Life is like this. Others only look at the results, but you have to support the process by yourself. In the face of life, we are not only strong, but also continue. There is no other choice. We can look back at the road, but we can't go back...
Cleaning is a job, but also a responsibility. Life is beautiful because of service, and service is brilliant because of sincerity.
Although we are doing the dirtiest job, we will use the most serious attitude to clean up every corner of the customer's house. When we see the satisfied smile on the customer's face and the thumbs up, all the tiredness will be worth it!
My day-to-day work
——Your requirements, my service.
Serve with sincerity, clean with sincerity, and keep the beauty.
The details you care about, Fenggu housekeeping can do "clean" as much as possible, and provide service to the family.
Protecting the cleanliness of every family, carving a monument for the housekeeping industry, providing services, and cleanliness at home.
Indoor and outdoor cleaning, my daily work
Crystal lamps are beautiful, but if they are not cleaned for a long time, they will become dull and lifeless. Only after cleaning can they shine brightly, and life is the same
It is only by sincere efforts that we can succeed, and only by meticulous craftsmanship that we can create exquisite works.
Give me a chance, and I will make you satisfied. Quality proves everything, because professional deserves to be trusted. Your recognition is my encouragement!
It's not easy to make a living in any industry these days!
But I always believe that as long as I am sincere, persistent, and hard-working, I will be better than others, at least I will be better than sitting and complaining.
A day's plan is made in the morning, all the good things start from the morning. I hope you bring happiness, luck, health and auspiciousness to start a new day and keep a good mood all day long. Good morning.
When we were young, happiness was a thing, and having it made us happy; when we grew up, happiness was a goal, and achieving it made us happy; when we grew up, we found that happiness was a state of mind, and understanding it made us happy.
Be the most authentic and kind self, do what you want to do, and have no regrets in this life; there is only one path in life, and you should walk your own path; there are only two treasures in life: a healthy body and a good mood, and you should live happily until you are old!
Every stage of life has its own challenges.
Often, it's not your ability that binds you, but your courage to face it.
If you can't avoid it, you might as well face it.
The more you fear, the more you will be defeated; the more you overcome difficulties, the more problems will be solved.
Chinese curators join hands to hold Saudi Arabia's first contemporary art biennale - Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Riyadh, December 12 (reporter Wang Haizhou, Huang Jian) - The Saudi Arabia's first contemporary art biennale - Diriyah Contemporary Art Biennale was officially opened to the public in the Diriyah JAX Art District in the northwest of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on the 11th. A total of 64 artists from Saudi Arabia, China and other countries participated in the exhibition.
This biennale was jointly planned by the Saudi Dirah Biennale Foundation and the UCCA Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing. Tian Yiwen, the director of the UCCA Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing, served as the art director.
The theme of this biennial exhibition is "Crossing the River by Feeling the Stones", which symbolizes the reform strategies adopted during the social and economic transformation period, and also reflects the current situation of Saudi social and cultural development.
The biennale covers an area of nearly 12,000 square meters, and the exhibition hall spans six connected buildings, with six units: "Touching the Rock to Cross the River", "Inheritance as an Experiment", "Edge Thinking", "Going Public", "Beautiful New World", and "On the Spirit of Art".
In particular, the works of 27 Saudi artists accounted for more than 40% of the total number of exhibits, including painting, installation art, and performance art, and the works of 12 Chinese artists were also well-received. Some artists used recycled materials in a novel way, such as Xu Bing in the series of works “The Story Behind the Waterfall” (2014), which reconstructed a classic landscape painting using discarded materials.
Barkley, the executive director of the Dhahran Exhibition Fund, said that he hoped that this biennial exhibition could establish an international dialogue, so that global audiences could have the opportunity to understand the cultural industry and creative community of Saudi Arabia, and strengthen exchanges and cooperation.
Tian Yu said, "The goal of the biennale is double. It not only allows Saudi contemporary art to participate in global dialogue, but also allows Saudi audiences to integrate into the contemporary art world. "
It is understood that a series of lectures will be held during the opening period of the biannual exhibition. Artists, curators and opinion leaders in the creative industry will discuss topics such as cross-cultural exchange, contemporary art development, etc.
I ordered a tomahawk steak
The restaurant told me that the courier could not deliver the bones.
to find out the reason.
Bones are OK, but call the restaurant to have them pick it up.
However, the system is not very convenient, and it is used in another room.
I'm at #ADDRESS# in #CITY#
I'm far away from there.
Business English Conversation Situations 100+ Business English Conversation Situations (with multiple language learning gifts)
10 minutes a day, even beginners can easily open their mouths!
Common business scenarios are fully covered, common business English expressions are fully recorded, and business English communication skills are fully explained!
The accompanying simulated practice of spoken English, the audio of the foreign teacher reading, and the free download of the business common sense will help you easily improve your business English speaking skills!
Practical Business English Conversation Scenarios 100 by Wang Huili, War Li Li, Wang Yuqing, published by China Aerospace Publishing House, can issue electronic invoices, and you can contact our online customer service at any time if you have any problems!
The 5-minute bedtime reading in English: The classic masterpieces and essays that have been circulated for a hundred years. Yang Chunli, Cheng Yingshui, Song Bing. Translated by: Beijing Aeronautics and Astronautics University Press, 9787512415812
Original books, electronic invoices, after-sales guarantee, any questions can be consulted online customer service.
Women in Handmade Shoes, by Adriana Giuffrida, translated by Tong Yan, Chen Huiqiao, 9787513306645, Xin Xing Chubanshe.
Original books, direct supply from publishers, issue electronic invoices in accordance with regulations, and contact online customer service at any time if there is a problem!
Beautiful Confidence 100% [German]Kompwitt【Original Book】
In-store discounts, discounts based on the amount, discounts, and welcome to buy!
【Wenxuan Original】Practical Business English Conversation Scenarios 100
Xinhua Wenxuan authentic books (Jiangsu, Chengdu, Hubei, Tianjin) will be shipped from the nearest warehouse, and 75% of the cities will be delivered the next day!
Let's talk about autism 55 questions closely related to autism (by Brigitte Hamann)
Beautiful English Letters that are Beautiful to the Point of Suffocation (Letter Book) (Extended Knowledge 800 Pages, 1000 Authoritative English Essays, 2000 Classic Sentences) [Official Book] [Official Book]
Yunnan: Coordinate and standardize the management of public welfare positions in rural areas - Xinhua News Agency
Xinhua News Agency Kunming, December 12 (reporter Lin Bifeng) In order to continue to do a good job in employment assistance for poverty-stricken population, consolidate and expand the poverty alleviation achievements, Yunnan Province recently issued relevant policies on the management of public welfare jobs in rural areas to help promote the comprehensive promotion of rural revitalization.
A relevant person from the Yunnan Provincial Department of Human Resources and Social Security said that at present, Yunnan has developed 448,300 rural public welfare jobs, which are used to help impoverished laborers and other rural impoverished groups find employment, and play an important role in helping impoverished people achieve employment and income growth, consolidate the poverty alleviation achievements, and effectively improve the ability of rural public services.
This new regulation was jointly issued by the Ningxia Provincial Department of Human Resources and Social Security, the Rural Revitalization Department, the Finance Department, and other seven departments. It mainly unifies the scope of recruitment of public welfare positions in rural areas, the management of funds, the development of job positions, and the management of job positions.
In terms of job position development, the new regulation clearly stipulates that job positions should be set up in accordance with the principle of “need-based recruitment, job-based recruitment, dynamic management, and quantitative control”, “who develops, who uses, and who is responsible”, and “one person, one position, voluntary public disclosure, and unified management”.
The recruitment process must be carried out in accordance with the announcement, application, review, publicity, appointment, on-the-job training and assignment.
In addition, the new regulation also clearly defined the specific duties of the main development departments of rural public welfare positions, the subsidy standards and subsidy methods of rural public welfare positions, and stipulated that the relevant development departments of rural public welfare positions should purchase accidental injury commercial insurance for rural public welfare position placement personnel; and required the relevant departments to regularly monitor the distribution of rural public welfare position subsidies.
The address was wrong.
Hello
Can you cancel the order?
I re-ordered.
Whether it has been cancelled
Secondly, although the rightists have had a period of prosperity in history, it was not long, so they are short-lived because they shine when they get a little sunlight and sweat when they drink a little water; when they are prosperous, they look up to Sichuan and Shaanxi, and when they are defeated, their hair will fall off.
But in all fairness, right-wingers have played a positive role in the process of social progress.
The positive significance of the right-wing should not be denied in terms of ending the definition of the truth standard during the Cultural Revolution, developing the economy and promoting administrative institutionalization and the protection of human rights.
Three, in my opinion, although I do not agree with some of Li Weidong’s views, I am very concerned about his views, and I am very respectful of Li Weidong as a person; because he is sincere, he is sincere about China, and he is sincere about China’s social problems.
But I oppose his anti-communist theory, I think that the anti-necessary revolution, the revolution will inevitably lead to social turmoil, people's livelihood will be damaged, political groups will be mixed with mud and sand, and foreigners will take advantage of the opportunity.
Fourth, the change or improvement of China should be done with patience and responsibility for the country and the people. Political opportunists who take advantage of the fire will not be rightists, but scoundrels.
Let's talk about the left.
The left, in fact, is a bunch of orphans of time and politics.
If it can be said that the right has a positive meaning for society, the Communist Party will listen to some right-wing views and analyses of their thoughts when needed. However, the left is not so lucky, because what the left wants is exactly what the Communist Party has thrown away!
Five, I recently saw some friends cursing the robbers and refuting the leftists, and I think it is not necessary.
Don't try to reason with a traitor or a leftist. They're all the same, there's no logic to them.
And don't try to prove that we are right, and don't try to make the pirates and the leftists admit it, why bother?
I tell my friends: when the robbers curse you for five cents, and when the leftists curse you as right-wingers, it proves that our middle way is right!
Many people had dreams when they were young, but when they grew old, they forgot their dreams, or pursued their dreams, but became obsessed.
And the ideal gradually faded away, and even the dragon slayer became a dragon.
I think the left and right generally refer to constraints and freedom, and that China as a whole should be left-leaning due to its historical and cultural heritage.
While the right-wing is more concerned with efficiency and development, the left-wing is more concerned with fairness and safety.
Now, the society as a whole wants to pay more attention to fairness, and at the same time, the US and China are competing with each other, and it is certain that it will continue for many years.
Even though I don't understand, I'll just give it a thumbs up.
I'm not going to say anything else, Flower Flower is just that kind of person.
In the past two years, the blockade and encirclement of Huawei's chips by the United States has not only put Huawei in an unprecedented predicament, but also caused great losses to "American" enterprises.
The US suppresses China's semiconductor industry and requires its own companies and allied countries to simultaneously block China's semiconductor industry. The direct result is that the orders and profits of global semiconductor suppliers are affected, which leads to the reduction of research and development investment and production capacity of semiconductor manufacturing enterprises. As a result, the disorder of the semiconductor supply chain in a global scale is caused.
Today, the "chip shortage" has affected all major industries around the world. For example, car manufacturers have stopped production, and mobile phones have risen in price. Almost all industries that use chips have been affected.
In order to grasp the "chip" sovereignty, more and more countries' technology giants began to walk the road of "de-Americanization".
In order to firmly control the global semiconductor control, and suppress the development of the semiconductor industry in China, the United States has taken frequent actions in recent days. It has not only hosted the semiconductor summit, but also invited 64 major enterprises to establish a semiconductor alliance, and also supported the development of American domestic technology giants, such as Intel, an old technology giant in the United States, has invested 20 billion US dollars to build two semiconductor factories in Arizona, and opened up the semiconductor manufacturing business to the outside world.
When most people thought that Intel's action would have a certain impact on TSMC, and it was very likely to steal TSMC's "dinner".
The reason for being so confident is that Intel, as a veteran technology giant in the United States, has been cultivating in the semiconductor field for decades, and has a large number of talented teams and technical reserves. It must be able to quickly rise up and defeat TSMC in the short term.
However, for Intel's decision, TSMC founder Zhang Zhongmou did not take it lightly.
At the "2021 Master's Think Tank Forum" held in April this year, Zhang Zhongmou made a shocking remark. He said that Intel's investment in building a wafer factory was very ironic.
Zhang Zhongmou's disdain for Intel's entry into the semiconductor industry is due to the fact that Zhang Zhongmou still remembers the grudge between TSMC and Intel more than 30 years ago.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Intel was a bright pearl in the US manufacturing industry. It occupied the top position in the world and was the leader of the semiconductor industry.
In the 1980s, the world's high-end semiconductor chips were in the hands of a few strong.
At that time, the semiconductor industry was characterized by the IDM model, in which the chip from design to packaging was completed by one factory, and Intel was the representative of that era.
However, this model has made some small enterprises overwhelmed, and many semiconductor entrepreneurs face the huge construction costs of production lines.
After the market demand, the chip industry began to show the phenomenon of division of labor cooperation after the 1980s. In 1984, Zhang Zhongmo heard that there was a company specializing in chip design, so he thought that if there was a company specializing in chip design, then it would be possible to establish a factory specializing in wafer manufacturing.
Soon after, Zhang Zhongmou's idea became a reality, and TSMC was born.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) focused its main business on "wafer fabrication" and did not engage in design. It only provided contract manufacturing services for wafer fabrication.
At that time, just established TSMC was just a small fry in front of Intel, the giant.
In order to obtain capital support, Zhang Zhongmou once sought investment from Intel, but when Intel heard that TSMC was only engaged in the manufacturing process of the semiconductor industry, it was obviously a little arrogant and looked down on TSMC, so it decisively refused to invest in TSMC.
Zhang Zhongmao also judged that Intel at that time did not attach importance to the process service of semiconductor wafers.
Nobody would have thought that the giants who looked down on wafer manufacturing services would have to start wafer manufacturing themselves.
Therefore, Zhang Zhongmao felt that Intel's entry into wafer foundry was ironic.
Today, TSMC's market value has already surpassed that of Intel.
Facing the strong attack of TSMC, Intel is naturally not willing to stand still.
Today, TSMC is pushing towards 3nm chips, while Intel is still stuck in 7 years ago’s 14nm.
It is not easy to catch up.
I'm impatient
I ordered at 19:06 after 2 hours 😅
Today, let's take a look at some [strange hot searches].
What is normal public opinion?
Three trending topics were randomly selected: the Dragon Raising its Head on the 2nd of February, Goodluck Raising its Prices, and the CargoLala Incident. The spread of public opinion formed a peak, and then the index decreased (smooth line) and finally dissipated. If secondary public opinion is generated, there will be a small peak again.
They look exactly the same as the official website of the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) once displayed the【Network Public Opinion Evolution Model】.
What is an abnormal public opinion?
Randomly select six hot searches from the same event, and present the "isolated peak", "sawtooth" and "cliff" phenomena.
The “peak” is artificially heated up, and quickly topped the hot search, attracting the attention of the public; the “sawtooth” is cyclically heated up, to ensure that the topic occupies the hot search list; the “cliff” is collectively withdrawn, and the hot search has played its “function”, and received a new task, and rushed to a new battlefield.
In Figure 9, the heat peak of one event is exactly the trough of another event, and the time is only a second apart. It must be that the same batch of water armies received the task and launched a new round of attacks.
The professionalism of black PR is evident: dozens of trending topics are listed at the same time, which ones attract attention, which ones are responsible for popularization, which ones provoke war, which ones divert attention, which ones affect cognition, which ones mislead judgments, which ones arouse emotions, which ones influence judgments, which ones incite sentiments, and which ones influence decisions. Black PR accounts are divided into batches and stages, and the battle is fought in detail at each point. Almost all factors are considered in the dissemination of public opinion.
Public relations is a science, and it is free from subjective factors such as opinions and emotions. Therefore, black public relations will have no place to hide if it is based on objective data.
Anyone who has passed by has left their mark, and we have dug up those marks together.
Data source: Hot Search Time Machine.
Mauritius and other countries first discover omicron infection cases - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, December 12 - Combined reports from Xinhua News Agency correspondents abroad: Mauritius, Cyprus and Malawi recently reported the first cases of infection with the Omicron variant of COVID-19.
Mauritius reported the first two cases of the Omicron variant in the country on the 10th.
According to Kalisha Jagutpal, the Minister of Health, the infected person was a tourist who arrived in Mauritius from South Africa on November 27, and the other infected person was a local resident who had contact with a person who had recently visited South Africa and returned to Mauritius, and tested positive for nucleic acid on November 30.
After being isolated and treated in the hospital, the two infected persons tested negative for nucleic acid, and have returned to their respective residences.
Cyprus Health Ministry announced on the 10th that the first three cases of omicron infection were confirmed in Cyprus.
All three are students, who returned from overseas trips in early this month. They are all mild cases, and have not been hospitalized.
In order to prevent the spread of the Omicron variant, the Serbian government has continuously strengthened the prevention and control measures.
From December 6 to January 10, passengers aged 12 and above who enter the country by plane must pay for nucleic acid detection at the airport after arrival.
On the 10th, the Ministry of Health of Serbia also announced that it would start to vaccinate Pfizer’s new crown vaccine for children aged 5 to 11 in the country.
Malawi's Health Minister, Kumbulani Chiponda, said on the 9th that the country had discovered 3 cases of infection with the Omicron variant for the first time.
The country's health department sequenced the genomes of 12 new coronavirus positive samples collected from November 9 to December 2, and found the three cases.
The delivery never arrived.
The rider's phone number is also fake.
I've re-ordered.
Will the previous order be refunded?
If it doesn't work, please cancel the order and refund the money.
Thinking about getting lunch early so we can eat early, but it's now 7:00 and we still haven't eaten anything
I don't understand what you are saying...
Is your Chinese a translation? Or do you prefer to use English?
The message was sent to
Do you want to call him?
Dear customers, welcome!
Thank you for choosing our Cloud Dining Restaurant. Our mission is to provide you and your family with more delicious and safe dishes, and better services. Your satisfaction and praise are our motivation to move forward!
Thank you for the five-star review, I love you!
Thank you for choosing the Sky Restaurant for your meal. We are sorry for the inconvenience caused to you.
At the same time, I would like to thank you for giving us a real experience review, so that we can find out the shortcomings in time, and we will take effective measures to improve them. We will strictly control the quality and quantity of the dishes, and our phone number is 18912251735. We look forward to meeting you again.
Dear customers, hello, thank you for choosing Shu Yun Restaurant. We are very sorry for the unpleasant dining experience caused by the quality of the dishes. We have communicated with the kitchen and strictly controlled the quality of the dishes. We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your understanding and support. I am Shu Yun Restaurant Shu Yun, and I look forward to seeing you again!
Come to the banquet and leave with a good mood!
Dear customers, thank you for your evaluation and support for our "Yun". We are the happiest when we get your affirmation when we cook our dishes with sincerity.
Looking forward to meeting you again
Dear little master, first of all, thank you very much for your recognition and evaluation. Support will strive to be better and better!
Secondly, I would like to thank you for your support and thumbs-up in your busy schedule. I wish you a good appetite and a good mood every day!
I don't think it's going to help at all.
It's a money belt.
The order is the claw of the phoenix.
Okay, the phone number is #PHONENUMBER#
Do I need to stay in the conversation?
I called your staff #NAME# to explain
Your driver told me the address was too far
Great beauty 360 integrated home decoration
Address: No. 156, Huancheng South Road, Fuxing Community, No. 12, 12th Floor
At first, it was a friend's introduction because of trust, so I chose to come and take a look. Initially, my budget was 70,000 yuan to do a basic renovation.
The scam starts as soon as you enter the store.
I went to the store just to show them my floor plan, they didn't go to the site to measure the house, and they were able to give me a price of 70,000 yuan for my 135 square meter house. They also roughly showed me their materials, but I didn't know what kind of materials they were.
Their second trick is that if you go to their store, they will drag you to pay the deposit (and once you pay the deposit, you will never be able to get it back, unless you have enough experience and deal with them).
When I was hesitating whether to pay the deposit, they would invite their so-called manager to tell me that if I paid the deposit, we would give me a certain amount of discount.
This is a big pit, and I am a living example. I paid a deposit of more than 10,000 yuan when I was impulsive.
The price he gave me had a lot of problems. The 70,000 did not include water and electricity renovation, and did not include any doors and cabinets or bathrooms, which are the biggest expenses in the basic installation.
Excluding these, their service point fees are also higher than those of other companies.
I lost trust in this company, and they didn't explain anything to me before I signed the contract.
When I went to get my money back, they acted like they were very experienced, with a special little team to deal with you.
No matter what, they will bite off more than they can chew.
There are many shifting of responsibilities, and there are many details. I don't want to say them one by one. In short, don't choose them, because my friend chose them to decorate the house, and the quality of the house is not good, and they will charge you for various fees in the future.
What a rip-off! They are the original scam decorations, and now they have been changed to Big Beauty, as if they have gone bankrupt again and have been changed to other decorations.
So, please don't choose such a dishonest decoration company.
In the future, when everyone chooses, they should search on Baidu and check these consultations. After all, renovation is not a small amount of money.
To ask a question, please log in or register first.
It is strictly prohibited to publish all kinds of merchant reviews. Please refer to the statement of merchant listing.
Kunming Kungfu360 Integrated Home Decoration Channel provides the latest merchant information, such as address, phone number, business hours, etc.
This is so scary, please cancel the order within 30 minutes!
Is there no other way? Like, changing the address?
Okay, then don't cancel the conversation. If I don't get my money back within 5 to 10 days, I will pursue it.
I asked if it could be cancelled in 15 minutes or so.
The chicken should be cooked, but it was delivered as raw meat, so I couldn't eat it.
Starry Sky Has Agreement - Geminid Meteor Shower Will Peak on the 14th - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Tianjin, December 12 (Reporter Zhou Runjian) According to the astronomical popularization expert, the Geminid meteor shower, one of the three major meteor showers in the northern hemisphere, will reach its peak on December 14, and friends who like meteor showers can observe it after midnight on that day.
An astronomy enthusiast in Beijing, An Qiu, took this photo of the Geminid meteor shower in Qinghai on December 13, 2018.
Most meteor showers are caused by periodic comets, but the parent body of the Geminid meteor shower is the asteroid 3200 Phaethon, which is an Apophis-type asteroid.
The Geminid meteor shower is also the second known meteor shower that is not born by comets.
Tianjin Astronomical Society Council member and astronomy popularization expert Shu Lianpeng said that the Geminid meteor shower is similar to the New Year's blockbuster, and the "screening period" can last from December 4 to December 17.
The Perseid meteor shower is known for its high density and stability, and is one of the three major meteor showers in the northern hemisphere, along with the Quadrantid meteor shower and the Geminid meteor shower.
One of the prominent features of the Geminid meteor shower is that the speed of the meteorites is slow, the color is rich, and there are many fireballs. It is suitable for both visual observation and amateur astronomical photography.
Yang Jing, an amateur astronomer from Tianjin, took this photo of the Geminid meteor shower on December 13, 2020 in Tianjin Qingzhou.
The astronomical forecast shows that the Geminid meteor shower this year will reach its peak at around 15:00 on December 14. The ZHR (the number of meteors that can be seen per hour under ideal observation conditions, when the radiant point is above the observer's head) will be 150.
The Geminid Meteor Shower Recommendation Chart.
“The Geminid meteor shower last year left a deep impression on people, but this year’s Geminid meteor shower will be affected by the moonlight, and the brilliance will be slightly reduced.
November 14 is the 11th day of the lunar calendar, and the lunar phase is a waxing gibbous moon. The bright moonlight will interfere with the observation, but fortunately, the moon will fall in the evening. At this time, the radiant point of the Geminid meteor shower will rise higher.
Friends who like meteor showers can observe at night after the moon sets, but they should pay attention to preventing cold and keeping warm.
How can we observe as many meteors as possible?
“It is not recommended to observe in the city, but you can choose a high altitude, light pollution is small, and the view is facing northeast in the suburbs or countryside, and then wait patiently until the moon falls, and then observe visually.
It is worth noting that the flow of the Geminid meteor shower in all directions is very large, and it is not necessary to stare at the radiant point of the Geminid meteor shower all the time when observing.
Friends who like photography should choose wide-angle and large aperture lenses to shoot the beautiful “meteor shower” film, and use high ISO and maximum aperture when shooting.
Stability and continuity are also important, so tripods, spare batteries and shutter cables are also indispensable. "
Liang Peng reminded.
What is the difference between laser TV and traditional TV in terms of market positioning?
In my understanding, the traditional TV mentioned by the OP should refer to LCD TV. And the difference between LCD TV and laser TV in terms of market positioning mainly lies in the following two points:
First, laser TV will focus on the large screen market.
Compared to the market positioning of the liquid crystal TV, which is fully covered, the laser TV is obviously more focused on the large screen market, or the laser TV itself is a product that was born for the large screen.
At present, the mainstream liquid crystal televisions are in the size of 55 to 65 inches, and the size of laser televisions is generally above 75 inches, and the largest is over 100 inches, which fully meets the needs of users for large-screen color televisions.
In recent years, the shipment and sales volume of laser TVs have been increasing globally, accounting for more than 60% of the total sales volume of 80-inch and above TVs.
According to the forecast of CITIC, the sales volume of laser TV will increase by more than 140% in 2020, and continue to maintain high-speed growth.
The reason why it has such good performance in the large screen market is mainly due to the excellent performance of laser TV in eye protection.
Based on the principle of image formation by laser television, the laser light source does not directly enter the eye, compared with the backlight source of liquid crystal televisions, the imaging process is closer to the imaging process in natural conditions, and the stimulation to the eye is also smaller.
The 144 sets of test data were obtained by the strict comparison test between the laser TV and the liquid crystal TV under the same conditions of the population. The China Electronic Technical Standardization Research Institute and the ophthalmology experts of Peking Union Medical College Hospital conducted the test.
Data confirms that laser TVs do indeed have very strong eye-protective properties, and in some respects even have a certain improvement effect.
With the increasing attention paid to eye health, laser TV has not only attracted more and more users with its eye-friendly advantages, but also opened up another breakthrough point in the color TV market.
Secondly, laser TV focuses on the high-end market.
While the price of liquid crystal televisions continues to decline, the current market price of laser televisions is mostly over 10,000 yuan. With the upgrade of size and light source, the price will gradually rise.
Why is laser TV so expensive?
There is definitely some truth to that.
With the development of light source and technology, laser TV has many advantages that cannot be achieved by liquid crystal TV and projector.
With the help of short-focus projection technology, laser TV's projection distance is relatively short compared to traditional projection devices. It can achieve a 100-inch large screen experience at a short distance, and the space required is not large, and the main machine is small and takes up very little space.
In terms of brightness, large-brand laser TVs can reach more than 2000 lumens.
In addition, the heat dissipation is lower, and the equipment loss is small, so the service life of the TV is also longer.
In addition, many high-end laser TV models are equipped with true 4K ultra-high-definition picture quality, artificial intelligence system, biomimetic screen, and other cutting-edge technologies, which can give users a more shocking visual and auditory experience.
It is not a fake demand, but a product of demand segmentation. In terms of picture quality and cost-benefit ratio, laser TV is not suitable for video players. If you want to enjoy a large screen and a viewing environment, you can try it. Everything has its advantages and disadvantages. After weighing the pros and cons, we can make our own judgments. We should not be deceived by one-sided words.
In simple terms, the ultra-wide-angle close-focus projector - laser TV - must use expensive super-wide-angle lenses and mirrors, which are not in accordance with the best optical design.
To block some of the ambient light, use a micro-structured Fresnel screen, which is expensive, and the price of an 80-inch screen is basically equivalent to that of a 65-inch LCD.
Another thing I hate is that the projector manufacturers use the reflection of light on the eye as a selling point. Please, the light on the screen that the eye can see is the direct light, even if it is reflected on the ceiling, the eye can't see it, so why do you have to compare the LCD TV with the "direct light"? When you open the TV, the ceiling will also be illuminated, won't it?
Moreover, if the projection screen is not a mirror, it will not be able to form an image.
The hot spots (spots of light) effect of the high-gain screen has been overlooked. When a large amount of light is reflected to the eyes from a certain angle, it is really uncomfortable.
Wen Xiao Visual Aesthetics Photography Gallery Selects Quality Stores, but No Branches Yet
I added the date of reservation on WeChat, and the little sister arranged the available time for me, and the reply was quite timely.
I looked at the shooting works in the store before going there, and most of them were outdoor wedding dresses. They were very beautiful, and there were many shooting styles involved.
After arriving on the day, I had a simple conversation with the little sister about my ideas. The makeup artist was very patient and helped me try two sets of clothes that I was confused about. Finally, I decided to start makeup and hairstyle. The photographer will arrange some props before shooting. He will guide the action and pay attention to every detail.
However, because we did not communicate our specific shooting ideas, the result may not be what I wanted, but it should be good-looking 🙊🙊
After the photo is taken, the photographer will help choose the photos and communicate the post-processing style. He is quite considerate.
The film took about half a month to finish, and we are waiting for the effect.
The second time I took part in the photo-shooting feast. Most of the clothes in the venue can be chosen for a photo-shooting.
Finally, she chose a black chiffon dress to experience different styles.
The whole shooting process took about 2 hours, including makeup and shooting. The photographer in charge of shooting was the younger brother of the 95 generation. He felt a little shy, and I hope he can give more suggestions in the guidance of customer shooting movements in the future. He is quite talkative, and the shooting process was quite pleasant.
Wen Xiao Visual Aesthetics Photography Gallery Selected Quality Shops Reply
It's on the homepage now, so come and check out Queenie~
I went to the store and filled in my name and phone number first, then chose the clothes. Wedding dresses and bridal gowns can also be chosen. I changed three or four sets of clothes, and they were very patient. After that, I made up my face for a long time, and the service attitude was also good. Later, they will teach you how to pose, and they will take pictures of you. It feels like your face is big, and they said that the retouching would take half a month. They sent it to me in three or four days, and it felt like there was no difference from the original film.
The overall environment is good.
There are a lot of options for clothing.
There are three makeup positions, and there is a photography studio in the middle.
The service is very enthusiastic and also very attentive.
The hairstylist was very patient.
The photographer will also be very serious about teaching you the moves.
If the photographer is not satisfied, he will proactively ask for a retake.
【Experience】The eyelids may be a little too much, and the original double eyelids were pasted out as triple eyelids.
The eyebrows were also shaved, which was a bit embarrassing for those who do not draw eyebrows every day.
The photos were taken a few days ago, but the P-effect was not very satisfactory, and I felt that the double eyelids were still very obvious.
Because I wasn't sure what style I wanted, I tried two sets. In the end, I chose a black dress. The little sister said that this set was more in the vein of Audrey Hepburn's retro style.
After choosing the clothes, I started to make up. The hairstylist and makeup artist sisters were very patient in helping me. I was very satisfied with the results.
After doing makeup and hair, I started taking photos. The photographer guided me to pose throughout the whole process. The process was very relaxed and harmonious.
After shooting, I carefully selected four of my favorite photos to be retouched, and the little brother said that the film would be ready in 15 days. The ending was very satisfactory.
I have not heard back from you for 3 days... because your system cannot recognize my credit card, so I cannot join the #PRS_ORG# plus monthly plan!
The strangest thing is that I always use the same credit card to pay each time.
I now have to pay for shipping every time.
Can I be exempted from paying the monthly fee until your investigation is completed?
Is it reliable to buy umbrella insurance?
The small umbrella is an online insurance brokerage platform.
From the perspective of setting conditions, according to the suggestion of the Regulations on the Supervision of Insurance Intermediaries (Revised in 2015), in order to become an insurance intermediary, three key words must be met: the shareholders and founders must have no major illegal record in the past 3 years, the minimum limit must be RMB500 million, and it must be approved by the China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
In fact, these three are very strict. In summary, it is necessary to have the ability, to be approved by the national authority of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, and the shareholders must have a good reputation. As a small umbrella insurance agency, the policyholders do not need to question whether the small umbrella insurance is regular or not. After all, there are these three thresholds, and not all insurance companies can meet them.
In this regard, it is not bad, it is trustworthy.
From the insurance products, the small umbrella insurance is a supermarket for insurance, and many companies' star critical illness insurance are sold on this platform. For example, the latest Super Maria 5 critical illness insurance of Anda Life Insurance Co., Ltd. is sold on this platform. Small umbrella insurance is only a third-party intermediary, so there is no need to doubt its reliability.
From the payment mode: Internet platform products are generally more cost-effective than traditional insurance products because they do not have the operating costs of retail outlets and the cost of salaries for business agents. Therefore, Internet insurance products are generally more cost-effective, and the payment method is flexible and supports monthly payment, which can relieve the pressure of policyholders to pay premiums, and at the same time can maximize the leveraging effect of insurance.
That's pretty good.
It's something to consider.
From the professionalism of the agent: this is particularly important, because insurance is an industry that requires a high degree of professionalism, and many Internet product customers can buy insurance themselves. There are many misconceptions in this area, and in terms of health disclosure and occupation, non-insurance professionals often add their subjective judgment when buying insurance, and they think that they are healthy or meet the requirements, which may lead to many risks of reimbursement. There may be a risk of not being reimbursed.
I myself have made insurance calls on "Tencent Micro Insurance" (just like the little umbrella, it is an Internet insurance agency platform), and I am very responsible to tell you.
The insurance on the Internet is true and reliable, but the person is not reliable. The Internet channel does not have professional personnel, and there are many sales misdirection.
For example: 1 yuan insurance for 600,000 yuan, buy insurance and get a mobile phone for free, get 600,000 yuan of critical illness insurance for free, these marketing strategies are not wrong, but they are superficial, and they will not tell the policyholders that the first month is 1 yuan, and the second month is charged according to normal rates, ranging from 30 yuan to 200 yuan, and many customers do not know what they are buying.
Think they can get away with paying $1, but the insurance company is on the hook for $600,000.
Free phones are only sent to special policy numbers, such as 6666 and 8888. If the winning message is sent, and you do not redeem it, no one will remind you.
This is another pitfall for policyholders. Free to get 60,000 RMB in critical illness insurance, which is short-term. If you only rely on this, without any other commercial insurance, what can 60,000 RMB do in the event of a critical illness? It will not solve the problem, and your life will start to be bare.
Currently, the country is also severely cracking down on the misleading of Internet insurance sales.
So, in general, the platform is not a problem, the product is not a problem, the problem is the professionalism and professionalism of the business personnel.
The titleholder should carefully consider it. In fact, the products of many offline insurance agencies are more comprehensive, and there are more opportunities and products for customers to choose from, and some products have better cost-benefit ratios than Internet products.
I have helped 59 Internet customers to insure their offline products, and the premium for each person is saved by 2000-3000 yuan per year.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
I: an insurance broker with 3 years of experience in enterprise management training. I have served more than 1,000 enterprise users. I have cooperated with more than 100 insurance companies. Before purchasing insurance, I will start from the needs of customers. I will customize insurance products for customers. During the purchase, I will compare three companies for customers. I will try my best to get the best underwriting result for customers. After purchasing insurance, I will organize and manage the insurance policy for customers. I will entrust the insurance policy to customers. I will make customers feel at ease and worry-free.
To grow with every customer for life.
I hope my answer can help the OP!
According to the definition of the insurance regulator, Internet insurance refers to insurance business that can be completed by the insured person independently after clicking the insurance link.
In this process, the insured person does not need to sign, and the insurance advisor does not need to sign. All steps can be completed by the insured person independently.
Although the insurance of the Internet has no "ceremony", it may even not have the printed version of the paper contract, but this has no effect on the validity and legal effect of the electronic contract.
This model is somewhat similar to the "phone sales" in general, but the fatal problem of buying insurance in this way is that the after-sales service may not be able to keep up.
Insurance is usually a long-term contract, and when we buy insurance, we should seriously consider whether the "intermediary" we choose can accompany us for a long time and provide services to us in many years later.
How do I contact the delivery specialist?
It's almost 3:00.
Isn't it time for me to get compensation?
I said I would knock on the door to deliver the goods.
But the rider just left it at the door and walked away.
and sent the wrong one.
Your delivery rider has taken my order #NUMBER#, but it's still telling me it's on the way.
The courier received my takeaway at 19:25, but still refused to leave
I went to buy it, do I need to order other takeout?
What to do
Where did your driver go?
Wait?
I'm here to pick up an order.
OK, if you don't cancel, I'll call the police.
But my food will have safety and hygiene issues
Classic Sword and Knife Appreciation Guide - Collector's Edition [Official Book, Worry-Free After-Sales Service]
【Original Books, Lightning Delivery, Quality Without Worry, Can Be Invoiced】
Classic Badge Guide + Classic Sword Guide + Classic Uniform Guide - World Military Book - Classic Badge Performance Introduction - Military Uniform Sword
Chinese Painting Appraisal and Collection Strategies: Nine Lectures [Official Book, Instant Delivery]
【Full discount, fast delivery, can issue invoices, and genuine books】
Western Swords: Appreciation and Collection [Official Book, Lightning Delivery]
Piano Technique Exercises Guide [Official Book, Lightning Delivery]
Industrial Design Hand-drawn Encyclopedia of Creativity + Practice Guidelines + Performance of Lu Jian, Li Yulong, and Qinghua University Press [Official Books, Lightning Delivery]
Chinese antiques auction highlights: porcelain English version【Official book, instant delivery】
Jiu Ge Zhuan [Official Book, Lightning Delivery]
Red Chamber Dreams: A Visual Companion to Dream of the Red Chamber【Official Book, Lightning Delivery】
Chinese Painting History [Official Book, Instant Delivery]
The Herbaceous Flowers and Birds of China【Official Book, Lightning Delivery】
Realism and the 1980s Chinese film
Chinese Logo Design 1 [Official Book, Lightning Delivery]
Herbal Flower Poems【Official Book, Lightning Delivery】
Sword Art Online 02: Aincrad [Official Book, Worry-Free After-Sales Service]
Song Jianfeng - Character Paintings by a Famous Portrait Painter (Fast Delivery)
Good law and good governance - the lessons of history and the merits and demerits of the bureaucracy
The 20th Anniversary Edition of the "Party and Government Leaders' Lectures on History and Culture": 14 History and Culture Giants, Famous Scholars, and Renowned Scholars Give Lectures to Party and Government Leaders
Just enter the discount code to get the discount.
No problem, no need to re-send, I have bought another one, I don't want to waste it.
Thank you for your help
I have always opposed any form of defamation and abuse, and I will not tolerate such personal attacks.
In a civilized society, we can tolerate everything, but we must not tolerate these villains.
If we don't look at political parties and factions, the first thing we should resist is this kind of uncivilized behavior.
From the moment you started sending friend requests on Facebook, to the time you started posting sarcastic posts, to the time you tried to post the alleged location of my house and my father's name on social media, I've taken a no-response approach.
You've been relentlessly tagging me at a frequency of six meals a day, and you've been continuing to discuss about me with your so-called friends on Facebook in a way that is obscene and humiliating, my appearance, my figure, my good habits, whether I want to plant strawberries in my bed, and so on. I...I've had enough.
How do I know that later, I received more than one friend's messages about your Facebook friend account uploading a photo of you and a statement with sexual harassment content.
I'm sorry, as a girl, I can't keep quiet anymore.
After my news was published, you became even more arrogant.
I don't care what your political background is, or what your identity and status are. In our society, we need to respect both sexes.
Yes, you can continue with the jokes, the innuendo, the humiliation, the insults, the harassment. You can continue to say that you're just caring and concerned about me, you can continue to say that this isn't harassment, you can continue to deny that this isn't your artwork, you can continue to say whatever you want.
No, I can't, and I don't have the power to stop you.
I don't know you, and I don't want to know you. I don't need you to comment on my appearance and figure.
I don't even think there's a girl out there who would want to be humiliated like that to become famous.
A friend asked me, how are you doing?
I said I wouldn't, and you wouldn't believe me.
I don't think any girl would be able to say that after being bullied in such a way.
It is only those who have no basic decency who would choose to hurt any woman in this way, whether in the workplace, in society, in politics or in business.
I believe that justice is in the hearts of people.
I have selected some comments for you to judge.
Shouldn't anyone be able to impersonate you on your own posts, right?
I can only say that you are the enemy of civilization.
A hearty laugh
Vietnam News - Vietnamese Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh attends the third Vietnam National Digital Technology Enterprise Development Forum
Two major meetings were held during the third Vietnam National Digital Technology Enterprise Development Forum, which focused on the topics of digital technology enterprises and national digital transformation, digital technology enterprises and post-epidemic economic recovery and development.
The Minister of Information and Communications, Nguyen Manh Hung, said that in 2021, despite the continued spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the number and revenue of Vietnamese digital technology enterprises increased by nearly 10%.
In 2021, the number of typical digital products in Vietnam has increased, and many digital products have left the country, and Vietnam's digital technology ranking has been improved.
Ruan Mengxiong, Minister of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, called on digital technology enterprises to shoulder the responsibility of developing the digital transformation platform of developing countries, and the task of developing these countries' digital platforms is to shoulder the national mission.
At the forum, leaders of various departments and government agencies, as well as enterprises, organizations, and individuals who are engaged in the research, development, application, and transfer of digital technologies shared their ideas and solutions to mobilize and gather resources from all sectors of society to develop Vietnamese technology enterprises, work together to drive the digital transformation of the country, as well as breakthroughs and solutions to post-epidemic economic recovery.
At the forum, Premier Fan Mingzheng stressed that digital transformation is the inevitable path of the world, and is the objective need for development.
Digital transformation has become a global issue, and digital transformation services are for the people, so it is necessary to mobilize the people to participate.
The people and enterprises are the core, main body, target and driving force of digital transformation.
Therefore, all policies must be for the people and enterprises.
Premier Feng Mingzheng stressed that digital transformation should reflect the spirit of the nation, and should be based on internal force, strategic, long-term and decisive factors, and external force, which is important and a breakthrough point.
He also believes that digital transformation should drive the development of depth and sustainability, participate in the prevention and control of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, economic recovery and development, after the change, overcome the phenomenon of resource exhaustion, and help the green transformation and development of green energy.
Digital transformation needs to participate in the construction of databases related to the protection and promotion of national cultural values, historical traditions, national landscapes and customs, and promote the digital transformation of banks, taxes, land management and development, and logistics.
The biggest goal of digital transformation is to make people happier and the country more prosperous.
Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh has required all levels of government, all levels of agencies and enterprises to increase the leadership and guidance in the development of digital technology, enhance the understanding of digital transformation, and continue to formulate and perfect the mechanism of digital transformation, strengthen the management of the State and promote the development of digital technology enterprises in accordance with the spirit of respect, communication, listening, positive and proactive.
During the forum, Prime Minister Pham Minh Chinh attended the 2021 "Vietnam Made" Excellent Digital Product Award Ceremony and the Opening Ceremony of the "Vietnam Made" Digital Product Exhibition.
I have reported and attached a photo, but no response.
What kind of cow, no cow
It's a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a chicken, a
I can't eat it.
Are you sure it's freshly cooked and not leftovers?
unacceptable
He had already placed an order early in the morning.
Said to be sent at 7:30 p.m.
Why remake?
Too far-fetched
“Intelligence Convergence of Changjiang” 2021 China International Rail Transit and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit Opens - Rolling News - Hunan Daily News - Huanqiu.com
Changsha Daily, December 10 (Reporter Zhou Bingheng) The "Intelligence Convergence of Hunan" 2021 China International Rail Transit and Equipment Manufacturing Industry Talent Summit opened in Changsha on the 9th.
Wang Cheng, member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and Director of the Provincial Party Committee Organization Department, attended the launching ceremony and delivered a speech.
Wang Cheng pointed out that the talent summit is an important measure to implement the spirit of the Central Talent Work Conference and the 12th Provincial Party Congress, and reflects that Hunan attaches great importance to talents, is eager for talents, and makes good use of talents.
Hunan has a good tradition of respecting talents, loving talents, and respecting talents, a broad platform for helping talents develop, and favorable conditions for realizing a good life. In recent years, Hunan has deeply implemented the strategy of talent-led development, with the Fuling Talent Action Plan as the driving force, and has built up a comprehensive talent work pattern, which has become a fertile land for the growth and achievements of talents, a hotbed for innovation and entrepreneurship, and a pleasant land for living and working.
At present, Hunan is comprehensively implementing the strategic positioning and mission tasks of "three highs and four new", and will further open the door to recruiting talents, allocate more resources, and create better conditions for talent innovation and entrepreneurship, and look forward to the participation of outstanding talents from all walks of life to jointly contribute to the high-quality development of Hunan.
The venue set up the exhibition halls of Changsha, Changde, and Shaoxing, and the exhibition hall of the pilot free trade zone in Hunan Province. The Science and Technology Department, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of Hunan Province released the list of key technological innovation needs in the advanced manufacturing industry, the list of needs of intelligent manufacturing industry talents, and the list of needs of young talents in the intelligent manufacturing industry of post-doctoral mobile stations.
48 large enterprises, including CRRC, Sany Heavy Industry, and Wanda Group, recruited talents on the spot, and more than 1,000 graduates and social talents participated in the project matching of talents.
Hello
Just placed an order, showing the rider was waiting at the restaurant, but the restaurant said the order was ready, but they didn't see the rider
Can you follow up on this for me? I'm in a bit of a hurry, thank you.
It's possible to be late by half an hour for no reason at all.
Do you have a solution?
The editor brings to you which one is good in Bailihuan?
1. Ningcheng Balihe Old Brewery 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 500ML Mature Grain Liquor 42 Degrees 50
Recommendation: Made of highland barley, it is brewed with traditional techniques. The white wine from the Inner Mongolia Plateau has a classic taste. It is sweet and sour, with a hint of sweetness, and has a rich flavor. It retains its original flavor without losing it, thanks to the traditional solid-state brewing method.
The grade 1, capacity 500, storage method at room temperature, cool, dry and ventilated place, packaging other, alcohol degree 42, aroma type strong aroma type, Inner Mongolia, product weight (kg) 2.9, currently there are 4 people to evaluate, and 100% of the good evaluation rate.
2. Ning City Ba Li Han Old Brewery 52 Degree Warehouse Grain Liquor (10kg)
Recommendation: After years of aging, it is more concentrated, more transparent, and is loved by the Mongolian nomads in Inner Mongolia. It inherits the traditional brewing process and intoxicates the simplicity and warmth of the Han people. It is suitable for all kinds of banquets or home use.
The capacity is 5000 ml, packaged in cans, the product weight (kg) is 8, the aroma is strong aroma, the storage method is ventilated, the province is Inner Mongolia, the grade is level 1, the alcohol content is 52%, and currently there are more than 50 people who have rated it, with a good review rate of 95%.
3.【Winery Direct Sale】Ningcheng Bailihuan Old Brewery 42° 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor 500ML Grain Liquor
Recommendation: This white wine is selected from the ecological brewing of high rice. The aroma is harmonious, fermented in the cellar, matured, and the flavor of the wine is more fragrant.
The white wine from the Inner Mongolia Plateau has a classic taste, and the rich aroma of the wine flows over the lips of the guests, making them feel satisfied.
Recommendation: Selected highland barley, processed by unique techniques, so that you can drink happily and openly when you invite friends and family for a feast, or when you have a small gathering at home.
High-speed Railway Home
Address: No. 555, North 1 Road, High-speed Railway, Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.
The home appliances and electrical appliances here are quite complete, and the brands are many, and the famous brands are complete.
On the 12th, I went to the "Hansdon" water purifier store to look at the water purifier. The store was having a promotion, and the price was quite reasonable.
The IKEA has 11 floors, from the 2nd floor to the 9th floor, the 1st and 2nd floors are parking lots, and parking is free during the day!
The surroundings are not very good, there are few hardware stores and the taste of the restaurants is average.
The elevator is also very ridiculous, just like having a big illness, it goes from -2 to -1, up and down, and I keep pressing this floor, from the emergency exit to the first floor, it is also very ridiculous, it goes directly to a furniture store, the furniture store is closed, and the emergency exit cannot be exited!
Joyous Home still needs to be improved. There are many places that have not been developed.
Address: No. 555, North 1 Road, Xi'an Railway Station, Xi'an, Shaibak District. Convenient transportation and large parking lot. Free parking during the day.
Environment: To tell the truth, the store is quite large, with 8-9 floors. You can buy all kinds of furniture, household appliances, small items, etc. in the store. There are many well-known brands in the store, such as MUJI, OPE, HUATAI, Boss, FENGCHENG HOUSE, JAC, YAKE, YUFENG, FENGCHENG, WANJIALE, DAZHILAI, MIDE, YADAN, etc. The brands are really too many. I can only remember so many. It is a good place to buy products. If you are tired, you can sit on the sofa and rest.
Recently, I wanted to buy a comfortable sofa, and my friend said that there are many sofas here that can be selected. I looked at the sofas of Gome and Midea, and I felt that they were okay, but they were a little expensive, so I was still in a dilemma.
The Urumqi home decoration mall channel of Maigoo provides you with the latest merchant information, such as address, telephone, business hours, etc. If you want to find a decoration company, you can go to Maigoo.
Already sent to my client, #PRS_ORG# can't deliver.
It's paid, it's paid
If it can be delivered in 20 minutes, it will not be cancelled.
The Yangtze River mainstream has achieved full coverage of green integrated service areas on water - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Wuhan, December 11 (reporter Wang Xuan) The Chongqing Yuxi Waterway Green Integrated Service Area was completed and put into operation on the 10th. This is the second waterway green integrated service area in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River after the Lushan Waterway Green Integrated Service Area in Sichuan Province was officially put into operation on the 8th.
With this, the green integrated service area on the water has covered the upper, middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River.
Chu Jianhua, deputy director of the Yangtze River Navigation Administration Bureau of the Ministry of Transport, said that before, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Anhui, and Jiangsu provinces had built and put into operation 10 waterway green integrated service areas in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River, which have been recognized by ship crews, and have played an important role in promoting the high-quality development of Yangtze River shipping.
The coverage of green integrated service areas on the water is another milestone event in the construction of green shipping on the Yangtze River, and the reception and service capabilities of Yangtze River ships have been significantly improved.
According to the introduction, the water-based green comprehensive service area is an important facility to provide comprehensive production and living services for the broad masses of ships and ship crews, and to help the broad masses of ship crews solve the "urgent, difficult, worrisome" problems.
The two waterways in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River that have been built and put into operation this time are integrated service areas for green and environmental protection. They integrate living services, production services and government services, and are themed on green environmental protection. They are characterized by ship maintenance and emergency rescue services for ships, and realize that ships docked in the port can enjoy multiple services. This will make the work and life of sailors who sail on the Yangtze River all year round more efficient and convenient.
The three US aircraft carriers are gathering in the vicinity of China, and the most powerful weapon in the US Navy's weapons warehouse is visiting Guam, sending an important signal to the US allies and enemies in the Indo-Pacific region.
According to the "South China Sea Strategic Situation Detection Platform" of China's think tank, on January 9, the satellite found the US aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson in the vicinity of Balabac Strait.
The Balabac Strait connects the South China Sea and Sulu Sea, and is a strategic location in the first island chain of the West Pacific.
The platform expects the "Carl Vinson" to deploy in the South China Sea.
This is the first time that the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier carries F-35C fighter jets and CMV-22 "Osprey" ship-based transport aircraft for deployment.
The US Navy aircraft carrier now wandering in the Pacific Ocean, in addition to the USS Carl Vinson, there is the USS Abraham Lincoln (USS Abraham Lincoln), which departed from the United States on January 3.
The "Lincoln" also carried the F-35C carrier-based fighter squadron for the first time, which belongs to the 314th Fighter Attack Squadron of the United States Marine Corps.
Besides the two aircraft carriers mentioned above, the US Navy is currently also deploying the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier in the Asia-Pacific region, which is docked in Yokosuka, Japan.
The carrier battle group also includes the guided-missile cruiser USS Chancellorsville and the guided-missile destroyer USS Stockdale.
The most powerful weapons rarely visit the CNMI. On January 17, 2022, the "South China Strategic Situation Awareness Platform" released the latest satellite images, showing that three US aircraft carriers were gathering in the vicinity of China.
（Weibo @ South China Strategic Situation Awareness） The three US aircraft carriers are gathering in the vicinity of China, and the most powerful weapon is rarely visiting Guam. January 17, 2022, US Navy CMV-22B carrier-based transport aircraft flight route.
（Weibo @ South China Strategic Situation Awareness） According to CNN on January 17, the most powerful weapon in the US Navy Weapons Depot paid a rare visit to Guam over the weekend.
The Ohio-class nuclear submarine USS Nevada, carrying 20 Trident missiles and dozens of nuclear warheads, entered the U.S. Naval Base in Guam last Saturday (January 15).
The three US aircraft carriers gathered in the vicinity of China, and the most powerful weapon rarely visited Guam. It is analyzed that this is a signal sent to the allies and enemies in the increasingly tense situation in the Indo-Pacific region.
It is the first time since 2016 that a U.S. ballistic missile submarine has visited Guam, and the second time since the 1980s.
The three US aircraft carriers gathered in the vicinity of China. The most powerful weapon rarely visited Guam. China has built a large number of military facilities in the Nansha Islands in recent years.
The picture shows Yongxing Island in Nansha Islands, China.
（South China Sea Forum） The United States Navy said in a statement that the Ohio-class nuclear submarine “Nevada” strengthened cooperation between the United States and its allies in the region during its visit to Guam, demonstrated the United States’ capabilities, flexibility, readiness, and continued commitment to the security and stability of the Indo-Pacific region.
Ballistic missile submarines are commonly referred to as "boomers".
The movements of the 14 U.S. Navy submarines of the Seawolf class are usually kept secret.
The secret around the ballistic missile submarine made "Thunderbolt Submarine" the most important survival weapon in the "nuclear triad" system, which also includes the missile launch site in the United States and the B-2 and B-52 bombers that can carry nuclear warheads.
Talking about the recent fall of Meta by 26%, the market value evaporated by 2510 billion US dollars, Zuckerberg responded that "it is facing unprecedented competition", what is the reason?
Meta (formerly Facebook) is essentially an advertising company, and its main source of income is advertising. Today's money-making advertising companies have their own traffic channels.
Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp and so on, regardless of what features they have, are the traffic channels of Meta.
Not only that, Meta is also the largest "advertising alliance", many apps are connected to Meta's advertising platform through Meta's advertising platform, and they can realize monetization.
But the times have changed.
First, because of the adjustment of Apple's privacy policy, Meta is very difficult to obtain user data information, which affects the efficiency of advertising placement.
Apple's current privacy policy is very friendly to users, and will clearly remind users whether they allow the app to obtain their information. Most people's normal reaction is not to allow it.
If Google sticks another knife into Meta, the impact on its revenue will be even greater.
Second, the China factor in Meta's previous revenue growth has also weakened (the weight of this factor is uncertain, but it does exist).
Everyone knows that Meta has no business in China, but this understanding is not accurate.
At least 10% of Meta's annual revenue comes from China, mainly from Chinese companies doing overseas business.
Meta's office in Hong Kong has about 1,000 people, and there are several agents in mainland China.
Chinese companies want to expand their overseas markets, and Meta is an unavoidable advertising channel. Most of the money is spent on Meta.
Interestingly, now TT is one of Meta's main competitors, but two years ago, Meta made a lot of money from ByteDance.
All the agents in China are helping ByteDance to advertise on Meta, and Meta's performance in the Greater China region is also very good.
I haven't looked into it recently, but I'm sure it won't be better than before.
The era of large-scale spending by Chinese companies overseas has passed.
Thirdly, the expansion of new traffic channels has not been successful.
Facebook is getting older, and the new platforms, including TT, are not in Meta's hands.
The biggest problem is not just the decline in income, but the lack of growth expectations.
Capital markets are not just interested in current income, but also in the future prospects.
It's clear that Meta's expectations were not met.
In order to tell a new story to the market, Zuckerberg talked about "Metaverse".
Metaverse is indeed a direction in the future, but the implementation period of metaverse is quite long, and this story is not enough to support Meta's market value in the next two or three years.
So in the future, the next two years, it will be a difficult period for Meta.
Don't be fooled by Facebook's glossy appearance, with annual revenues of $10 billion to $20 billion. In fact, Facebook is in a crisis at the moment. Compared with other Internet companies and high-tech companies, it has no good security moat.
Although his several social software now have a high daily activity, they are also mainstream social software, such as Facebook, WhatsApp, etc., but in the face of the rapid development of TikTok, Facebook has no confidence, and the overthrow is just a blink of an eye.
Facebook is in a very dangerous situation, which is why Zuckerberg is constantly changing the company name and looking for new tracks. However, I think his track selection is wrong, and it is a dead end. The above is my thoughts, for reference.
Article 17. The state implements the registration and practice management system for registered fire engineers.
Persons who have obtained the qualification certificate of the first-level and second-level registered fire engineers may practice in accordance with the qualification of the first-level and second-level registered fire engineers after being registered.
Article 18: The Fire Department of the Ministry of Public Security is the registration approval department for the qualification of the first-level registered fire engineer.
The provincial, autonomous region, and municipal public security fire departments are the registration approval departments for the qualification of the second-level registered fire engineers. They are also responsible for the preliminary review of the qualifications of the first-level registered fire engineers.
Article 19. Persons who have obtained the qualification certificate of the first-level and second-level registered fire engineers and applied for registration shall be employed by an approved fire technical service institution or fire safety key unit, and shall submit the registration application materials to the fire brigade of the public security organ in the place where the unit is located (if the unit is a enterprise, it shall submit the registration application materials to the fire brigade of the public security organ in the place where the enterprise is registered).
Article 20: The provincial public security fire departments, autonomous regions, and municipal public security fire departments should inform the applicant of the incomplete or non-compliant registration materials within 5 working days after receiving the registration materials. If the registration materials are incomplete or non-compliant with the prescribed format, they should inform the applicant of all the contents that need to be corrected on the spot or within 5 working days. If they fail to inform the applicant within the stipulated time, the registration will be deemed to be accepted from the date they received the registration materials.
For the registration application that is accepted or not accepted, a written certificate should be issued with the seal of the fire brigade of the local public security agency and the date indicated.
Article 21: The fire departments of the provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the central government shall complete the preliminary review of the registration application materials for the first-level registration of fire engineers and the registration approval of the second-level registration of fire engineers within 20 working days from the date of receipt of the registration application. The fire departments shall report the registration application materials and the preliminary review opinions to the Ministry of Public Security Fire Department for approval.
The Fire Department of the Ministry of Public Security should make a decision within 20 working days from the date of receipt of the application materials and preliminary review opinions submitted by the fire departments of provincial public security departments.
If the decision cannot be made within the stipulated period, the extension period and reasons should be notified to the applicant.
The reasons for not approving the decision should be explained in writing, and the applicant should be informed of the right to file an administrative review or administrative litigation in accordance with the law.
Article 22: The registration approval department shall issue and deliver the corresponding level of registration certificate within 10 working days from the date of making the approval decision.
Article 23: The validity period of each registration certificate is 3 years.
The registration certificate is the practicing certificate of the corresponding level of registered fire engineers. It is kept and used by the registered fire engineers themselves.
Article 24. Applicants for initial registration shall apply within one year from the date of obtaining the first-level or second-level registration engineer qualification certificate.
The initial registration must comply with the continuing education requirements at the time of application.
The specific measures of registration management such as initial registration, renewal registration, change registration, cancellation registration and non-registration shall be stipulated by the Ministry of Public Security separately.
Article 25: Continuing education is a necessary condition for the renewal of registration, re-registration and late initial registration of registered fire engineers.
During each validity period, fire safety engineers of each level should complete the continuing education in accordance with the requirements.
Article 26: The registration approval department shall promptly announce the registration of fire engineers to the public, establish a credit record of registered fire engineers, and implement credit management for their professional activities.
Article 27: The registration management department of each level of registered fire engineers should strictly implement the relevant provisions of the Administrative Permit Law of the People's Republic of China.
Today's exam information sharing ends here, I hope it can help you.
Everyone must work hard to prepare for the fire engineer examination, and strive to pass the fire engineer examination as soon as possible!
Share the latest examination information of financial/accounting/construction.
I cancelled - I've been waiting for so long
You keep delaying
However, the whole box of chicken is made of fresh meat, which cannot be eaten, whether it can be refunded
Pineapple, tuna sushi, and buns were not available, and #PRS_ORG# refunded #NUMBER# yuan.
But can you get a refund on the chicken?
Because they can't afford to eat.
If I want to cancel, can I?
China-Vietnam "Peaceful Rescue-2021" Joint Patrol Exercise Successfully Completed - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Hanoi, December 12 (周娜 滕怀金) At 10:00 am on December 12, all the Chinese participating units of the “Peaceful Rescue-2021” joint military exercises between China and Vietnam returned safely to China’s Guangxi Province, marking the successful completion of the 7-day training mission.
This joint drill focused on the major issue of humanitarian medical rescue, and tightly followed the mission tasks of guarding and rescuing the living and the dead. In accordance with the standard of combat readiness, the two armies completed the tasks of joint command and control, joint on-site rescue, and mass casualty treatment, effectively enhancing the capability of guarding and rescuing the living and the dead of the two armies.
The results of the exercise have been recognized by the Chinese and Vietnamese armies.
Lê Văn Thắng, the chairman of the Vietnam Exercise Guidance Committee and the deputy chief of the Logistics Department of the Vietnamese People's Army, said at the end of the exercise that the Vietnamese military doctors have learned a lot of knowledge about the organization and professional activities of the exercise from the Chinese military doctors, and have also seen the medical and support equipment of the Chinese side.
The results of the exercise proved that the medical forces of the two countries have professional capabilities in medical assistance and epidemic prevention and control.
Chen Chunming, the leader of the Chinese guiding and coordinating group and the deputy director of the Health Bureau of the Logistics Support Department of the Central Military Commission, said that this exercise was another innovative practice based on the success of the joint medical mission in 2018, and had a very important milestone significance.
During the exercise, the People's Liberation Army of China donated medical protective masks, medical protective clothing, and rapid nucleic acid detection instruments to the Vietnamese People's Army.
