Any way we can punish him?
So this doesn't happen again.
How much longer will the restaurant be ready?
Zhejiang University academic year conference student sings leading role research findings let people mind-boggling--Xinhua Net
Wash your hands with air, diagnose disease with breath, and find the source of smog with pinpoint accuracy.
These outstanding results were achieved by PolyU students from a wide range of disciplines including environmental, mechanical, energy, medical, life science, humanities and education.
Bio-sensors: Your family physician
A team led by Dr. Zhang Ding of the Biomedical Engineering College showed off a biometric sensor the size of a smartphone that could be attached to one.
Just by blowing into this device for a few seconds, it can tell from the composition of your breath what's going on with your health.
Once you blow into this, it connects via Bluetooth to an app on your smartphone, and it will give you a health report, Zhang said.
Intelligent wristbands that can monitor health conditions are already on the market, generally monitoring physical parameters such as temperature and pulse.
The bio-sensor uses a new type of material, graphene, and its target is chemical elements.
Intelligent Surgical Lights
In addition to smartphones, operating rooms are also using smart operating lights.
The invention won a silver medal at the 44th International Invention Exhibition in Geneva, Switzerland this year.
Master's degree students Zhu Linjing and Xie Junfei of the College of Photography and Opto-Electronics came up with a new idea to remedy the shortcomings of traditional surgical lamps and invented an intelligent LED surgical shadowless lamp.
Early detection and removal of many diseases may be related to the lighting in the doctor's operating room.
Shen Junfei said, for example, in the early detection of cancer, if doctors are not able to see clearly all the tumor tissue, then the cancer cells will continue to spread.
This smart surgical light has four light discs that can be tuned to enhance the contrast of different tissues under light.
During the surgery, the doctor can adjust the size, brightness, spectrum, color uniformity and density of the light spot at any time according to the needs of the surgery and the patient's habits.
The smart operation lamp has been tested at Shaoxing Hospital, affiliated to Zhejiang University School of Medicine, and Zhejiang Children's Hospital, etc, and received good feedback.
The invention won the first prize of the State Challenge Cup last October.
Air-dry hands: Save water, be cool
Ordinary people wash their hands by using water to wash, at most, some soap, and some hand lotion. However, Li Qizhang and his classmates invented an "air hand-washing device."
All we have to do is step on to the washing machine, and our weight will compress the air out.
It was like a blow-up doll.
The compressed air ejected from the nozzle forms a fluid jet in which the water is embedded.
That way we can get our hands really clean!"
The tests for dye reactions and bacteria residues proved that the results of washing with this method were the same as with the conventional method.
This device only needs to rely on our own gravity as a driving force, it can guarantee cleaning degree, also can save 90% of water, the whole process is completely without energy consumption, energy saving and environmental protection.
Last year, at the second Global Challenges Summit, the invention stood out among dozens of world-class schools and received the only Gold Award.
Please arrange for a refill as soon as possible. Thank you.
Please cancel order and return cash. Do not accumulate points - will never use #PRS_ ORG# again!
Bones and ketchup are not for children.
In that case, order as soon as possible.
Nothing for now, thanks.
He told me to tell you where he was.
Cancel the order.
I bought the ticket, but I put down the wrong address.
Can it be changed?
or canceled the order.
All right. Trouble.
A very meaningful certificate to have - a CPR certificate.
This is one of the most important certificates besides my driver's license!
Broadly speaking, first aid refers to the measures taken in the event of a sudden illness or accident, or before the arrival of an ambulance.
It is a well-known fact that, after an accident, the arrival of an ambulance actually takes some time. That is the crucial moment.
At this point, he needed emergency care.
If I really had a heart attack, stroke, or stopped breathing, we'd have four minutes, golden four minutes!
So those around you understand how important first aid is!
When someone drops when we're around, we can go in with some professional knowledge and try to save them, as opposed to just standing there like an idiot and doing nothing, which is a pretty helpless feeling.
In China, our official statistics say that three million people die every year from accidental causes, the most dangerous of which is called sudden cardiac arrest.
Nationwide, that averages out to 15%.
In the casinos and hotels in Las Vegas, 75 to 80 percent get saved, and in Shanghai and Beijing, it's less than 1 percent.
That was said by the founder of the first reactions.
If somebody has a cardiac arrest, and they're not breathing and their heart's stopped, doing CPR won't do any good.
Artificial respiration and external compression of the chest are mandatory for survival.
There aren't many people who realize this and take the time to learn first aid. But when something like this happens, it's too late. That's why I'm calling on everyone to learn first aid so that we can react in situations like this.
And maybe even save a life!
You can register for the course at your local Red Cross training center.
P.S. The last picture is my 25 before 25 list. I added CPR to my list a couple of months ago but I am happy to cross it off!
Then I will take other certificates that I want to take. I plan to take a scuba diving certificate. I read in Xiaohong Book that there is also a scuba diving first aid certificate.
I ordered #NUMBER#
13-dollar shrimp ball, one ball?
No.
Why can't #NAME# understand?
How much is this? This is 13 dollars?
Yesterday I didn't get my meal on time. This time I'm gonna eat this shrimp dumpling.
Because obviously it worked when I entered the code before.
Now, to cut to the chase, I personally consider Titanic a full-spectrum turkey, in every sense of the word.
But you want to say this movie is not a highlight either, well it isn't but at least the music selection is good.
There are many kinds of bad movies. The kind that puts you to sleep in the theater is one. The kind that leaves you fuming is another.
Khan is truly gifted in the art of insulting his audience.
What is most painful about this movie is that it seems to be the creature from a K-novel.
Even after you've seen it, you wonder if there's some hidden meaning the director's trying to get across, but when you really think about it, it's just a pile of shit.
I'll try to explain the inexplicable.
My hero lives on an island in the South, with his grandmother.
Her grandmother had one wish -- to see snow. And so the story goes, a neighbor who drives a van picks her up and takes her to see snow in the northeast.
An old man in a minivan driving from the South to the Far East to see the snow?
He and his dad are pretty comfortable with it.
The old man was speechless.
How did your brother get a license to run a hotel on a derelict ship?
How come the dirtbags with the flying cars can shut down a mountain road?
And the truck that was delivering the rebar in the middle of the road just stops, and nobody can find the trucker.
The props are a little too obvious.
How did a guy with a bad credit rating and a history of illegal street racing end up as a junior deputy marshal?
In the movie, the police officer asks if there's a problem.
An adult who knows how to use a smartphone but doesn't know how to open a hotel room door with a key card, and then tries to sleep outside the room door?
Such nonsense permeates the film from beginning to end that I wince at the very memory of it.
Besides the plot, what is worse is the film's message, or rather the fact that the film has no message, that it is a loathsome patchwork creature.
You think it's a comedy for the first 20 minutes, then you think it might be an inspirational movie, and by the time you hit the halfway point, you're thinking it might be a movie about how hard it is to make it as a young person in a small town, and by the time it's over, you're not really sure what you just watched, and it leaves you with a lot of self-doubt, and you leave the theater wondering why you went to the movies to watch poop.
For the most part, people are pretty familiar with the tropes of various movies, so if you want to make a movie about motorcycle racers, it's inspiration plus comedy, and then you tell the story of how a talented nobody becomes a success.
If you want to make a romantic movie, you make a romantic movie.
If you want to reflect reality, at least your plots shouldn't include things that don't happen in the real world.
Just don't go there.
As for the heroine, she is obviously mentally retarded and behaves like a 5-year-old in many places. I don't know whether this is the result of the actress' acting or the director's requirements.
The other thing I couldn't figure out was, as a race car driver, why was Han so eager to crash his own movie?
Is it to give audiences a headache?
application: battery holder for T & D value encoder
Origin: China, Shenzhen
The dimensions of the battery box are as follows:
A2 series related tags:
CN1 Connector CN1 Signal I/O Connector Cable CN1 Port Terminal Block Resistor
Low-power coding cable Medium-power coding cable Low-power power line Medium-power power line
Parking braking low voltage line, high voltage line, coding unit and power plug servo battery box
1.We cooperate with express companies,
1. Cooperate with EMS as franchise.
2. SF Express
Buyers in a hurry or with deadlines to meet are advised to opt for door-to-door express delivery. SFD recommends prepayment.
3. Buyers who have questions about shipping from our store can choose to pay upon receipt.
4. Bulky items will be delivered separately.
1. We have 7 days exchange policy. All the expenses will be paid by us if there is any quality or quantity problem.
2.If the item is defective for quality problem, we will send you a new one after receiving the defective one back from you. But you need to pay the return postage.
3.This store does not support a return because of a delay of express delivery, and the seller has to bear the shipping cost.
4.Customized products are not refundable if there is no quality problem.
1. Is this an original product?
Q: Any domestic substitute product without specifying the original brand.
2. Do you have a sample?
A: We do not sell replica watches. A replica watch is one that looks exactly like the original.
3.Is XXX produced in China?
A: The domestic ones are the substitute products, not the ones originally produced in China, but it is just the domestic usage.
Professionally provide Schneider, Siemens, Toshiba, Mitsubishi, Omron, Simens etc. domestic servo, PLC connecting cable, connector accessories, mainly including servo encoder, power cable, control connector, power aviation plug, terminal block and cable, lithium battery, PLC programming cable, connecting cable etc., brake resistor, fieldbus cable, wire cable, all accessories are strictly in accordance with Schneider standard, professional engineers design.
And we adopt servo with PLC for the final test to make sure the quality and durability of our products.
Quote Welcome!
Factory direct production, welcome to deal with wholesale!
Other lengths available on request.
Ask your pharmacist for further information.
Meaning what?
Is that okay?
I got it, but I spilled all three of my drinks.
Inspection of well concrete module production processing equipment
Zhengzhou Yi Xin is one of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of concrete inspection well brick making machine, inspection well block making machine, well wall panel machine in China.
Through years of practice and development, we now have the capability to manufacture high-quality, main products including hydraulic, portable, and fully-automated testing rigs and accessories.
Inspection of well concrete module production processing equipment
Inspection of well concrete module production processing equipment
Inquiry Brick Making Machine is widely used for coal, heat, water, electricity, gas, etc. underground engineering project.
Examples are: drainage holes, water storage tanks, inspection holes, soakaway, gully, pit, small building, bridge abutment etc.
The advantage of using concrete block to build inspection well is that the upper, lower, left and right sides of block are all concave and convex structure, which form a chain link masonry.
The strength of the wall against shearing is much better than that of the plain frictional masonry.
The modules are of hollow-core structure. The vertical holes of one module are communicated with those of another module.
There are grooves on the top, bottom, and both sides of each module.
In addition, the use of concrete to check the well of the modular construction of the well, drainage well not easy to occur collapse, sinking, leakage and other phenomena, well wall and roof modular mechanically stable, simple operation, standard gauging.
Intelligent controller equipped with data input, output devices touch screen LCD monitor to visualize the whole process of mechanized operation, realize the ideal man-machine dialogue, automatic ratio analysis, density operation, safety logic control and fault diagnosis system.
The single-cylinder hydraulic system is used for wall-core machine.
The independent hydraulic integration station avoids the influence of the host machine vibration to the hydraulic system, thereby ensuring the reliability of the hydraulic system operation.
Concrete inspection, moulding of bricks, tiles and other ceramic goods.
Reinforced-concrete-inspection-well-module-brick-machine-equipment adopts imported computer and electronics, sealing parts hydraulic parts, assurance equipment with stable and reliable performance.
The vibration platform is made of whole plate steel, the surface is cut by numerically controlled flame cutting machine, and there is no welding point.
The mould loading is reduced, the fillers are combined with clamping plates and the encryption amplitude is doubled. All this results in improved process reliability.
The vibration mechanism, the electronic automatic control system and the variable vibration amplitude can regulate the vibration amplitude according to the nature of materials, so as to prolong the service life and reduce the cost.
The machine has the function of automatic and manual control.
Inspect drill pipe:
Inspection well cement plugs:
In a corner of the workroom at Yoshino Kogyo:
Inspection of well concrete module production processing equipment
Zhengzhou Clay Lining Brick Module Equipment can produce not only Clay Lining Brick, but also various shape bricks, hollow bricks, road flower bricks.
Shipping and handling:
Chongqing vocational school tries out modern apprenticeship system--Xinhua Net
Yesterday, a reporter learned from the Municipal Education Commission that, starting this year, our city will launch a pilot project to train talent with the "modern apprenticeship system" in 60 secondary vocational schools.
The municipal education commission has required that the enrollment and employment procedures of vocational schools be standardized, and that the dual identities of apprentices as vocational school students and as employees in enterprises be made clear.
Pilot schools are encouraged to develop modern apprenticeship forms in cooperation with enterprises for pre-employment and re-employment training.
Pilot schools must change the mode of talent cultivation.
They will jointly design talent cultivation programs, set up professional teaching standards, course standards, job standards, enterprise master standards, quality control standards and implementation programs.
The trial run will run for one trial period, and the internship time for students in enterprises will be determined by the professional talent cultivation program.
In enterprise practice, the enterprise should adopt the mode of classified management.
According to the arrangement, from 2016 to August 2019, our city will determine 60 city-level vocational middle school modern apprenticeship pilot projects in three groups, with 50 apprentices in each group, and train a total of about 3000 apprentices.
We will explore the establishment of a long-term mechanism for schools, enterprises and students to join hands in recruiting, training and educating people in an all-round way, so as to effectively raise students' job skills and improve their employment rate and employment quality.
My app says it was delivered, but I haven't received it.
I just ordered room service. I don't know if it's at the door.
And redelivered.
I live in Sheung Shui. Why would my order be delivered to Hai Hing Garden?
Is this the right address?
I thought about this vacuum cleaner for a long time. I finally bit the bullet and bought it. I am very happy with it.
Pressure cooker is quite heavy, looks very tall, suitable for like me a kitchen small white, the child says better than I fried myself, have done two vegetarian, sweet and sour pork particularly delicious, time a bit long, other use very short, noise very small, do not have to worry about fried, also do not have to worry will not do!
Received the goods, noontide impatiently fried three dishes, is really a science and technology to change life, the temperature and the control of the seasoning** precise, the dish the feel directly upgraded to the level of the chef, not bad, for not good at cooking** is a goddess, recommended purchases!
I have a new member of the kitchen staff.
Like, smart stoves that regulate temperature automatically and stir food automatically.
I don't have to worry about the oil getting too hot and burning my food or not controlling the flame well enough and setting the kitchen on fire.
The food cooked there is much more tasty than what I cook. The omelette with tomatoes is delicious.
This pot is a good buy.
Nice product, worth buying, very good
Overall very good, very crisp, consistent with the description.
Worth having.
The service was also very good.
So far, so good.
It is thicker than current mainstream displays, and the bezel is a bit wide. However, the seam between the bezel and the screen is not very noticeable.
Really great logistics.
Very good customer service!
After using it for some time, I can say that it is of good quality and the screen resolution is also very clear.
Fucking A. Perfect.
Fast delivery. Good product. Bought the second one. The picture is really good.
Feels good, restores the color, quality is ok!
China to hold activities for children to celebrate Children's Day
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, May 20, 2010. (Huang Xiaoxi and Zhou Shuanshan) Reporters were told on May 20 at the China Children's Center that from May 28 to June 1, "June 1" Children's Day, the Center will organize a series of activities, including Children's Creativity Experience, Children's Visual Arts Festival and Children's Book Culture Carnival, to enable children to enjoy the charm of frontier science and technology.
This year, the Children's Center of China's June 1 Children's Day activities will include the Children's Future Study Carnival, the First Children's Visual Arts Festival, the Book Fragrance Carnival, and the All the Family Reads drawing book series.
China Children's Center Vice-Director Li Zhongming said at a June 20 media briefing that the "Love, Create, Innovate" children's future study carnival will be the highlight of this year's China Children's Center "June 1" celebration.
The activities aim at organically combining social innovation with family individual creativity, letting children and families participate in various innovation education activities, and making innovation practice a cultural gene of the general families, and letting "do it yourself" become a new way of learning and living for the vast families.
According to the information, "Love Home Cool" Children's Future Study Carnival includes "Bean Sprout Creativity" experience activities, Old Cow Children's Exploration Museum Anniversary Celebration and "Explore the Whole Family Love Children Grow Six One" activities, VR National Experience Plan, "Creator Tribe" interactive workshop and dozens of other front-end technology experience content.
Take chow mein and make it into chop suey.
Do I have to spend another hundred, two hundred dollars?
Concerns about how long it will take to complete
There we go. Thank you.
Is it from the same rider?
Can you help me follow up, please?
Cafeteria says they've been cooking for half an hour.
No takers.
Doctor in South Africa: The measles virus is strong, but mostly affects the weak
Many doctors and medical experts in South Africa believe that the disease caused by the new coronavirus Omicron variant is milder than that caused by the Delta variant, although it is more contagious.
With the spread of the Omikron variant in South Africa, doctors in South Africa's KwaZulu-Natal province, representing more than 5,000 doctors, report that the patients they are currently treating for SARS are experiencing milder symptoms, such as body aches and coughs, similar to those of the flu.
According to the organization's Medical Director, Dr. Unben Pillay, he sees several dozen patients daily, but none have required hospitalization.
They are able to control the disease at home, and most people recover within 10 to 14 days of isolation, "Pierce said.
This includes the elderly and those with health problems who are more susceptible to H1N1 infection, he said.
He said that, in comparison, the SARS patients he treated in the previous outbreak had "really bad" breathing difficulties and low oxygen levels.
Many will be hospitalized in a few days.
Within two weeks of the first report of the omicron variant infection in Africa, other doctors were sharing similar experiences.
While it will take several weeks to collect sufficient data, the doctors' observations and the early evidence provide some clues.
According to the South African National Institute for Communicable Diseases, only 30% of those admitted to hospital in recent weeks had severe illness, half the proportion with severe illness in the previous wave of the outbreak; the average length of stay in hospital fell from 8 days to 2.8 days; and only 3% of recent cases of novel coronavirus infection had died, compared with 20% in the early cases in South Africa.
Willem Hankum, the director of the African Health Research Institute, cited data and other reports from the National Institute of Communicable Diseases to say that "at this point, almost all the indications are that this is a mild disease.
He also said, "It's early days, we need to get data later on.
Typically, hospitalizations and deaths occur later in the course of the disease, and we are only two weeks into this outbreak.
Meanwhile, scientists around the world are monitoring the number of cases and hospitalisations, and testing the efficacy of existing vaccines and treatments.
While the Delta variant remains the predominant strain of the new coronavirus worldwide, cases of the Omicron variant are emerging in dozens of countries, with South Africa serving as a locus of infection.
Health officials in Hodeidah province reported a 400 per cent increase in new cases during the first week of December, with more than 90 per cent of tests pointing to the cholera strain O1.
Thanks to today's supporters, 80 boxes are now on their way!
Beauty Sleep Tonic ingredients:
Functions: sweet in taste and neutral in nature; it belongs to the Lung, Stomach, Kidney channels; it has the effects of strengthening the central nervous system, nourishing the kidney, lubricating the intestines, benefiting the stomach, nourishing the blood, strengthening the heart, nourishing the skin, lubricating the lungs, promoting longevity; it is used for treating cough and wheezing, dry cough, women's menstrual disorders, stomach inflammation, constipation, etc; it is suitable for Yin deficiency, fire toxicity, etc.
Actions: Bitter, neutral, entering Large Intestine and Bladder channels.
Beneficial for: blood, liver, diarrhea, pain, it can also be used for water, moisture, if there is constipation, you can eat more plum paste.
Goji berries: Neutral, sweet, liver, and stomach.
It is good for the liver and kidney, can whiten the skin,
Functions: sweet, neutral, entering liver and stomach channels, nourishing liver and spleen, calming spirit, benefiting qi and stimulating blood.
Beneficial for the spleen and stomach.
Sea cucumbers are rich in protein and low in calories. They also contain vitamins A, B1, B2 and C, as well as 16 kinds of amino acids.
Fenugreek
To calm the mind, for insomnia, appetite loss, amnesia, irritability, thirst, nourishment, tonic.
Therefore, this beauty care soup is not only a dessert, but also healthy!
Eat up! It's good for your soul!
And it won't cost you an arm and a leg - or your lunch money!
This food is cold. It may be bad.
Meal tray #NUMBER# originally scheduled to arrive at 6:40 p.m. was rerouted and is now scheduled to arrive at 7:15 p.m.
Dinnertime's limited, so handle it!
I didn't get one.
I just placed my order five minutes ago. It's already done.
Where to look for the actual benefit code
Education Times: What is needed to save abducted children?
If there is no demand, there will be no trafficking.
Recently, the missing children information urgent release platform, developed by the Criminal Investigation Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security, went online.
It is an authoritative channel for issuing information about missing children and an Internet information platform for the timely recovery of abducted children.
I heard that the name of the App is "Reunion." It feels so warm.
The new technological means are not only called "artistic" and full of feeling, but are also used informationally correctly, practically, and effectively.
The top priority of the anti-kidnapping law enforcement is to rescue the kidnapped children and ensure their personal safety and freedom.
Second is the trial and punishment of suspects.
The significance of criminal punishment, from individual retribution to social prevention and legal education, can be listed in many " big words. "
But until the trafficking ring is dismantled, the safety of the victims must be our highest priority.
Matters should be arranged in order of importance. Under the urgent "rescue" objective, controversial topics such as "whether to execute people who sell children" can be set aside for the time being and discussed with caution, but not the matter of rescuing kidnapped children.
On the basis of the investigative practice in such cases, traffickers tend to leave the scene of the crime as soon as they have accomplished their purpose.
Every minute a kid is out there, he or she is one step farther away from home and one step harder for law enforcement to find.
In this case, coming up with an effective way to use platforms like WeChat to help crack cases and find missing children is definitely a practical move.
After all, anti-trafficking is a task that requires the operation of an entire legal system in order to do well.
Be it in cracking down on crime, safeguarding the rights and interests of children and parents, or in the perfection of legislation and the safeguarding of justice, as well as in the enforcement of laws, the concern of "protecting the young and the weak" needs to be carried out in every detail.
Furthermore, the prevention of the sale of children could be improved, from the family to society.
In one typical case, a family of three was taking a nap at a train station, with the parents fast asleep, when they awoke to discover their child was gone.
A two-year old child cannot be expected to have adequate self-protection skills, but as the parent of a young child, one should have at least a commensurate awareness of the need to protect.
Parents should take turns taking a break, or securing their children in a safe environment.
From another perspective of the police crackdown on crimes of abduction, the side that purchases abducted children should also be focused on and punished.
Individual wrongdoing is often but a link in a long chain.
Under the provisions of our Penal Code, the penalty for the offence of trafficking in children is a minimum of 5 years' imprisonment and a maximum of life imprisonment and confiscation of property in cases where the circumstances are aggravated.
The offence of sale of children is clearly in the category of serious offences in the light of the trend towards leniency.
Yet, every year, there are still many cases of kidnapping.
It is clear that some people's attitudes to bringing up girls are backward and that they have a poor understanding of the law.
Legal education should be provided simultaneously to this part of the population.
Effective control over the crime of trafficking cannot be achieved by law enforcement alone.
If the "market" exists widely, if the traffickers are greedy, if the means of trafficking are continuously innovated, a "battlefield" will be formed between the traffickers and the law enforcers, which will make the anti-trafficking movement inefficient.
Therefore, to eliminate the backward concepts and spread the legal common sense, will also help to eradicate the crimes of buying and selling children.
Yang Hongdong delivers a report on the spirit of the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th CPC Central Committee and the provincial Party congress
drawing strength from a century of party struggle,
Hunan Daily 12/10/2017 (Reporters Guan Baowei) According to the unified arrangement of the Hunan provincial committee of the Communist Party of China, on the morning of December 10, 2017, Hunan Provincial Committee Standing Committee Member and Hunan Provincial Committee Propaganda Department Head Yang Haodong gave an interactive lecture at the Ma'an Mountain Video Creation Base, to study and implement the spirit of the Sixth Plenary Session of the 19th CPC Central Committee, the important speech and important instructions of Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, and the spirit of the 12th Party Congress of Hunan Province.
Yang Hongdong expounded on the essence of the spirit of the plenary session from three aspects of ideological belief and the mission of the original intention, self-revolution and the great cause of youth, the Party's leadership and the Party's theory, based on his own understanding and experience, in a profound yet simple and comprehensive manner.
He pointed out that the entire Party must integrate the spirit of the plenary session and General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech and important instructions with the spirit of the provincial Party congress and study them in an all-round way, so as to enhance the sense of responsibility to uphold the "two musts" and the sense of political responsibility and self-discipline, and firmly advance in the direction indicated by General Secretary Xi.
During the interactive session, the representatives of the grassroots cadres, entrepreneurs and young people asked questions about the relationship between the three historical resolutions, how to understand the determining significance of the two "establishment" decisions, how cultural enterprises can grasp the orientation, how young people in the new era can draw strength from the party's hundred-year history, etc.
2,680 projected to graduate in 2022
Beijing, 11 December 2019 (Xinhua) - A total of 268,000 college graduates are expected to enter the job market in Beijing in 2022, up 16,000 from last year, the Beijing municipal education commission and Beijing municipal human resources and social security bureau said in a joint video conference recently.
A related responsible person from Beijing Municipal Bureau of Human Resources and Social Security said that Beijing will strengthen supply and demand matching, strengthen policy support, broaden employment channels, ensure help for the difficulty, support innovation and entrepreneurship, and enhance the service efficiency.
Reporters learned that Beijing Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau will build a practice platform, strengthen supply-side reform, actively contact 40 universities and vocational colleges to set up job experience bases, visit employers, integrate demand information and job vacancy information; give priority to "six sets of one group," that is, expand the recruitment of public institutions, state-owned enterprises, grassroots projects, military enlistment, internships and employment, and entrepreneurship, to create more employment opportunities.
I don't know whether it was the equipment or the rider.
No receipt on the bag.
No good.
So, I hope you understand.
Your E.T.A. Was 30 minutes ahead of schedule.
No, thank you.
Yeah. They got a new rider.
He's been waiting for a long time.
The restaurant always says they're "working on it."
We've been waiting for hours.
The International Olive Council divides olive oil into two categories and five classes: virgin olive oil and lampante olive oil.
Virgin olive oil, or natural olive oil, is obtained directly from the fresh fruit of the olive tree through a mechanical process of cold extraction, filtration, and decantation.
Three levels of acidity have been identified:
Extra virgin: the highest quality and purest form of olive oil.
It has a delicate floral aroma and a slight acidity of less than 1 percent.
Fine virgin olive oil means an olive oil which has a free acidity content, expressed as oleic acid, of not more than 2 g per 100 g, the other characteristics of which comply with those laid down for this category.
Ordinary virgin olive oil: having a taste and odour typical of the product, and having a free acidity content, expressed as oleic acid, of not more than 3,3%.
Refined olive oil means virgin olive oil which has been refined having a free acidity in excess of 3,3% or becoming "secondary" oil.
Two categories of olive oil can be distinguished:
Ordinary olive oil: a blend of refined olive oil and a certain percentage of virgin olive oil, to harmonise flavour and colour. It has a free acidity in terms of oleic acid of 1.5% or less and has the appearance of a transparent yellow liquid.
Refined olive-pomace oil: is the oil obtained by solvent extraction and refining of the pomace.
As you can see from the grading chart, the acidity of the olive oil is a very important indicator.
Olives, like grapes for wine, vary depending on the region they come from and the variety of olive tree.
Best place to grow olives:
The Mediterranean coast has the most suitable soil and temperature, daylight, air humidity and rainfall conditions for olive cultivation.
Outside the Mediterranean coast, it can only be grown in isolated plantations in other regions.
Main producing area (Mediterranean):
Italy, Spain, Greece, Turkey, Portugal, Morocco, Syria, Israel, Tunisia, Algeria, Egypt, Pakistan, Lebanon, and so on, as well as Argentina, Peru, South Africa, and so on, with similar climates.
Olive harvesting month:
From July to September the olives are harvested by hand and then pressed within 24 hours.
From November to February is the fruit harvesting season (fresh olive oil is a must!).
The nutritional content of olive oil:
Olive oil is rich in monounsaturated fatty acids, namely oleic acid and linoleic acid, as well as vitamin A, vitamin B, vitamin D, vitamin E, vitamin K and antioxidants.
Olive oil is considered to be the most suitable oil for human nutrition among all the oils that have been discovered so far.
As the Democratic convention comes to a close, Biden says the torch of freedom will never be extinguished.
The online Summit for Democracy, convened by President Obama and attended by governments and civil society and private sector leaders from 110 countries around the world, concluded on Friday, December 10.
Mr. Biden said in his closing remarks that the fire of freedom burned in the heart of every person in the world, and that tyranny would never extinguish it.
He also said he plans to hold a second Global Democracy Summit next year.
The Taiwan government representative and political officer, Mrs. Tang-Fei Hung, and the Hong Kong democracy and human rights activist, Mr. Lo Chung-chi, who is now in exile in the UK, also spoke at the second day summit.
Mr. Biden said: "We know the work ahead is difficult.
But we also know that we can rise to the challenge, because as I have said before, as this Summit has shown, the world of democracy is everywhere.
Dictatorship can never extinguish the flame of freedom, which burns in the hearts of men and women throughout the world. "
Mr. Biden also said that defending democracy requires a collective effort by society as a whole.
He said: "As leaders of government, we have a responsibility to listen to our citizens, to strengthen the fence of democracy, to push for reforms, to achieve transparent accountability, to be more resilient to authoritarian blandishments and shocks, and to stand up to those who would seek naked power at the expense of the public good.
The second day of the Summit will focus on defending human rights, deepening democracy and countering authoritarianism, and responding to digital authoritarianism and the affirmation of democratic values.
This day is also the International Human Rights Day.
In his opening address, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, also stated that the cause of democracy was being challenged globally, especially by the new digital technology.
He said: "The time has come to reaffirm our common values and positions as well as the resilience of democracy.
They include deepening social dialogue, addressing inequalities, tackling corruption, renewing the social contract, investing in quality education and expanding opportunities for women and girls.
It also requires the firm condemnation of all forms of populism, localism and extremism, including the use of all tools provided by the technological revolution.
Hong Kong pro-democracy and human rights activist Lo Chung-chiu addressed the summit via a pre-recorded video, warning participants to remain vigilant about the human rights situation in Hong Kong and for ethnic minorities such as the Uyghurs and Tibetans in China.
He said: For a long time the world has lived with China's rise with no mechanism to hold it accountable.
That is why political leaders and civil society must cooperate.
We must use all that we have at our disposal to ensure that the renaissance of democracy is our first task.
Lau also called for the free world to unite against the threat of the CCP.
He said: "Some of you might be afraid of offending General Secretary Xi Jinping, some of you might not want to lose the Chinese market, and some of you might not have recognized the threat of the [Communist] Party to our democratic values.
That's why we failed.
That is what we must change. "
At a roundtable discussion titled "Fighting Digital Autocracy, Defending Democratic Values," Taiwan's Executive Yuan Councilor Tang Hsiao-ping unveiled the "National Statement" via video, emphasizing that Taiwan is at the front line of the fight against autocracy and tyranny.
He also shared his experience in combating the novel coronavirus through information transparency and building trust.
He said: "At a time when Taiwan's democracy is flourishing, we stand firmly at the forefront of the global fight against authoritarianism and play a leading role in promoting global freedom, democracy and human rights."
During the pandemic, governments everywhere justified violations of human rights in the name of public health and the collective interest.
But in Taiwan, we were able to contain the epidemic without quarantines, and we were able to defeat the fake news without censorship.
On the second day of the "Democratic People's Republic of Korea" summit, the U.S. Treasury Department announced the imposition of sanctions against 15 individuals and 10 entities from China, North Korea, and other countries that were found to have committed severe human rights abuses, as well as investment restrictions against a Chinese company found to have used surveillance technology to aid human rights abuses.
That's already been taken and uploaded for you.
I know.
But the restaurant doesn't know why their deliveries keep getting later and later.
Castle.
Well, I'm not calling myself that.
I'm done.
I am so making a complaint.
Why didn't you say so?
After all this time.
No, I didn't get a call.
Let him know he's welcome back at our company anytime.
I don't want to wait # NUMBER # minutes.
Waited an hour and a half for a meal.
N/A
I'd like to cancel my order.
Why not just cancel it?
Hey. The drooling chicken from the cafeteria is alive.
I want to try tennis but I'm afraid I won't stick with it. I'd like to find a low-cost way to get started.
Unfriendly, in fact, the price is often inversely proportional to the degree of friendliness, if you can not distinguish, then expensive will be more friendly than cheap, this type of "entry-level" is actually industrial waste.
They're very low-tech. The ball bounces on a spring. It vibrates a lot.
Their logic and subtext is - - - Tennis is so hard, and you know you're never going to learn, and you know you won't spring for the good stuff, so we'll spring for the cheap stuff, and you'll play twice, and then you'll never play again, and this racket will be cheap, and you won't care.
When you can really tell the difference, it means you've progressed, and you can come back to me and buy the expensive stuff, and I'll make twice as much money.
I suggest you spend similar amount and buy a second hand better racket. Choose Prince or Dunlop. These two brands are not famous enough so a good racket won't cost you much. 500 or 600 for a new one. 200 for a second hand.
It's friendly to newcomers, but once you get over that hump, it's all downhill. But most people, especially girls, never get over that hump.
Deliveries have been repeatedly late.
Could you check on that, please?
Delay
Thank you.
So I actually have credit?
Do I need to place a new order?
Hi, I ordered from here and a lot was missing and the chicken was raw.
No reason was given, so please cancel.
My order was for delivery. I didn't ask for it to be picked up.
Jiangxi to train 10,000 rural primary school music teachers in 3 years
Xinhua News Agency, Nanchang, May 22 (Reporter Chen Yushan) A reporter recently learned from the Jiangxi provincial Department of Education that in order to enhance the guarantee capacity of the teaching staff in shortage disciplines, and realize the balanced development of compulsory education in rural areas, Jiangxi Province has planned to spend three years starting from 2016 to train a total of 10,000 qualified music, art and physical education teachers for every primary school in rural areas (townships and below) in the province.
It is understood that the trainees this time are teachers of other subjects in primary schools in the countryside of Jiangxi Province who are under 45 years old and have basic knowledge or talents in music, fine arts and physical education.
Through training, make them master the basic knowledge and teaching skills of the aesthetic education, update the teaching ideas and concepts, master the modern teaching methods, improve the teaching abilities of the subject, the activity design abilities, the campus culture abilities and the self-development abilities, build a team of multi-skilled aesthetic education teachers, and alleviate the shortage of teachers in rural areas.
To ensure the quality and effect of the training, Jiangxi also plans to train 300 teachers from 100 counties (cities, districts) in music, fine arts and physical education in the whole province, so as to enhance their ability of teaching demonstration and leading, ability of designing research activities, ability of conducting training courses, and ability of constructing network research workshops, so as to play the role of teaching, demonstration, guidance and supervision.
♪ 'cause 20 more minutes would be an hour ♪
I don't want yesterday's food.
I found the buyer for the wrong order.
But my hubcap's gone.
Which is the best facial cleanser?
How is the cleansing cream?
1, HANABI SKIN CARE MAKE UP SET HYDRATION WHITENING SPOT LIGHT UP BOX FIVE ITEMS BOX (cleansing milk toner moisturizer brightening essence eye cream)
Recommendation reason: TIGhtening effect, peptide repair, contour tight skin, say goodbye to loose skin, improve eye corner wrinkles and eye area fine lines, moisturizing effect is outstanding, can penetrate quickly into the skin.
This product (s) has (have) a guarantee period (year) of 5, product packaging have anti-counterfeiting, function whitening, net content (mL/g) set, product packaging have gift box, suitable for skin type mixed, function spots, function moisturizing, function anti-wrinkle, product packaging have outer box, function lifting tight, product packaging have sealed, this product (s) is (are) from Jiangsu Suzhou, whether it is specialized cosmetics no, function other, currently has 1.4 + thousand people to evaluate, has received 99% of the good rate, evaluate its extremely easy to use, packaging is quite good, high-end elegant.
2, HANABI SKIN CARE MAKE UP SET Hyaluronic Acid Gentle Cleansing Hydration 6 Piece Kit (Facial Cleanser Toner Essence Cream)
Recommendation reason: With the effect of moisturizing, whitening, soften and shrink the skin, it can improve the problem of skin roughness and pore size, suitable for combination skin type, leaves skin clean and not dry.
This item has a shelf life of 5 years. Is it a special purpose makeup or not. Does the product packaging have anti-counterfeiting measures. Is the product packaging suitable for all skin types. Does the product have a moisturizing effect. Is the product suitable for age group 25-34. Net content (mL/g) 120ml + 120 ml + 100 ml + 6 g * 3. Does the product have an moisturizing effect. Does the product have outer carton packaging. Does the product have sealed packaging. Is the product from Jiangsu Suzhou. There are currently 7700 + people who have evaluated it. It has received 99% good ratings. It has been evaluated as fresh and comfortable. It has moisturizing effects. It is high-end and classy.
3, Osmosis Skin Care Package Nutrition Beauty Crystal Lotion Hydration Moisture Clean Water Milk Skin Care Set for Women (Shampoo + Body Wash + Face Wash + Eye Cream + Lotion)
Recommendation reason: Deeply cleanse the skin, removing dirt and excess oil, while refining pores and effectively moisturizing the skin. Effectively moisturize the skin to help reduce the appearance of fine lines and age spots, eventually improving the skin's discoloration and yellowish tones. Consistent use can help elevate the skin's ability to self-repair, helping to restore firmness.
This product has a shelf life of 4 years, is made in Zhejiang Hangzhou, whether it is a special purpose makeup or not, its function is to soothe and calm, its function is to whiten, its net content (mL/g) is set, its function is to moisturize, it is suitable for all skin types, its function is to keep moisture, its packaging is with outer box, its function is to refine pores, its function is to deep cleanse, it has been evaluated by 220,000+ people so far, it has got 98% good ratings, people say it is comfortable to use, it is relatively high-end, it is packed well.
4, HANHOO Red pomegranate fresh vitality 6-piece set (skin care, makeup, moisturizing, student, face wash, toner, eye cream, gift box)
Recommendation reason: Deep cleaning pores dirt, soften and age spots, tighten firm skin, lighten facial lines, soften and enhance facial contours, moisturize at the same time can improve skin quality, prevent the occurrence of fine wrinkles, suitable for any skin type, mild and non-greasy.
Hello. How much longer for the pizza?
The guy's off the clock.
Your jockey is #PHONE#, named #NAME#
Can you just give me a reasonable explanation?
Yes, but your rider is a problem. He needs to be dealt with.
I'd like to know if it's still on the road.
Okay. And if we don't, you get your money back.
As a matter of fact, there are many things to be considered when it comes to dressing up for a plump girl.
For fat girls, skirts should not be too short or too long. They should be knee-length and just cover the fat part of the thigh.
A skirt that is too short will show the fat on your legs.
Too long and you're short and stout.
If you wear out separates - top, skirt and tights in different colors - you will look taller.
Actually, many dark-colored clothes are plus-size girls' staple (something the author knows from experience), and dark colors are also a great way to conceal a plus-size body. Elegant and classy black short skirts are also a favorite of plus-size girls.
Wear dark colors, especially black skirts or shorts, to make you look thinner.
If your calves are huge, don't wear anything that draws attention to them.
The more mass, the better. Not too bright a color.
Lest people stare at your legs and make you feel fat.
Ask a slightly plump girl about fashion tips.
Plus-size girls should avoid wearing tight short skirts. Also, tops should not be too short or tucked into skirts, which can make people uncomfortable.
Of course, the chubby girl wears short skirts with discretion.
Fat girls should wear short skirts with tops that match the skirt so that the illusion of height is enhanced.
Mini skirts with high heels elongate your legs and are the hottest look for summer!
If you are pear-shaped, but have slim legs, pick a flared skirt.
It not only covers your big belly but also shows your good shape.
A-line skirt will make you look thinner. It is more suitable for fat girls. You had better choose close-fitting clothes.
A plain white T-shirt with short skirt, fat MM can also try.
Plumpy girls can be fashionable too.
If you can master the rules of dressing well, you, too, can be a plus-size cover girl.
After I changed my dressing style, I also changed my lifestyle. I started exercising more and hopefully one day I will be free of the "chubby" label.
Now in its 18th year, the World Beverage Innovation Awards is a joint initiative of FoodBev Media and Brau Beviale, the international beverage, brewing and soft drinks industry exhibition held in Nuremberg, Germany.
It attracted 279 entries from 25 countries, in 22 categories.
The finalists will be announced on 15 October, with the winners revealed on 11 November (British Summer Time).
We see that Bright Forest's LP28 Low-sugar Yogurt made it to the Best Drinkable Yogurt, Yili's "GOGO Wuhan" marketing made it to the Best Marketing Campaign, Pepsi and People's Daily's new media cooperation made it to the Best Packaging Design/Label.
Laura Nettleton, senior marketing manager, FoodBev Media, said: We are delighted to be celebrating the 18th year of the World Beverage Innovation Awards with Brau Beviale.
From new flavors, concepts and functions to brands, packaging and manufacturing, we see trends across the beverage industry that point to more sustainable innovation.
The World Drink Innovation Awards recognizes the most ambitious new products and developments from the global drinks industry's new and old brands this year.
Below is the complete list of finalists per category.
The technology developed by the Ardagh Group melts down 100 per cent of the recycled glass into new bottles.
The water comes in a bag inside a box, which is 100 per cent recyclable, resulting in a 66 per cent reduction in packaging and a 97 per cent reduction in carbon emissions.
LatCub is 100% biodegradable, uses less paper and does not use harmful glues or tapes to the environment.
The technology developed by the Ardagh Group melts down 100 per cent of the recycled glass into new bottles.
The full list of winners will be revealed on 11 November 2016 on FoodBev Media's YouTube channel. Stay tuned!
What took you so long?
Starving.
From about 7:30 this morning until now.
If it doesn't work, don't answer it.
I can go out and buy my own food.
Xinhua.com + | Beijing's youth ice hockey league fuels Winter Olympic fervor
On 11 December, Beijing Dream ING Team player Bai Youtian (C) shoots at the goal during the match.
On the same day, the 2021 -- 2022 season Beijing City Youth Ice Hockey Club League continued at various ice rinks across the city.
The tournament is divided into U6-U18 age groups, and there are two categories: competitive and developmental.
After more than ten years of development, the Beijing Youth Ice Hockey Club has become a place where young people can hone their skills and make friends, as well as a breeding ground for the Beijing youth and junior ice hockey teams.
The league is expected to play a catalytic role in promoting Beijing's youth ice hockey, stimulating the popularity of the Winter Olympic sport and laying the foundation for Beijing's ice hockey development in the post-Olympic period.
Girl shot with arrow seeks donations for sister: 'It could have been me' - Xinhua Net
In Hangzhou, a girl stands in front of a wooden board with the words "human target, 10 RMB per arrow" written on it.
Yesterday morning, a photo of a "Hangzhou girl who became a target to raise funds for her sister" went viral.
The photo shows a girl standing in front of a raised wooden board inscribed with "human flesh target, 10 yuan per arrow" at the Wu Lin Square in Hangzhou.
The move triggered a heated online debate.
Last night, a spokesman for the Hangzhou municipal public security bureau in Zhejiang province confirmed to the South China Morning Post that police had confirmed the girl had acted out of devotion to her sister.
GIRL, 2, COLLECTING FOR CHARITY WARNED OFF STREET
In one of the photos circulating online, a long-haired girl stands in the shape of a "V" in front of a large wooden board, with the words "human target, 10 RMB per arrow" written in black ink on the board.
The image sparked controversy after it was posted online.
Some netizens dismissed it as "attention-seeking" while others expressed sympathy.
We were on patrol around 10am on the 23rd when we came across the incident on the square.
Police at the Tianshui police station near the site told local media that the two girls were in their 20s and wore makeup.
The girl who was the "human target" cried and begged passers-by to play the game with her. The other girl berated her friend, saying that her sister had leukaemia and needed an operation urgently.
We have contacted local police in Guizhou and learned that the girl was trying to raise money for her sister's leukemia treatment.
Last night, a spokesman for the Hangzhou Public Security Bureau's Xincheng sub-bureau told the South China Morning Post that the girl's name was Jiguangli and that she was trying to raise money for her sister, Jiguangyan.
But he could think of no better way to raise the 300,000 yen needed for his treatment.
He said, throughout the process, the two girls were either the target or the one holding the bow, but were not actually involved, and no one was found to have shot the arrow, only to have watched and taken a picture, which was posted on Weibo.
However, police later determined that the weapon did not fall under the category controlled by the government.
The official said, "We do not advocate this kind of eye-catching fundraising."
After being warned by the police, she has left the station.
Heat dissipation effect: OK Weight: OK Outer material: OK Overall: OK I am satisfied with this product.
The new machine is very good.
Temperature stability. Four outlets for heat dissipation.
This HONDA shadow rider dragon notebook is pretty good, workmanship and materials are good, brand is reliable!
Honor Shadow Knights Dragon is not too expensive.
In my opinion, the GTX1060 is a great choice.
Heat dissipation: Heat dissipation is not bad, the fan is very powerful, work pretty quietly, game effects full fan is not small.
Looks cool, good for show off.
Bought the notebook and it's really nice. I mainly use it for design and it's great for the price. It's lighter than I thought and prettier too. The red on the bottom is a really nice wine color. It's not too flashy. Overall it's much better than I expected. Worth buying. Cute for girls too.
I started riding with the Nightriders about two years ago.
I've recommended it to all my friends!
I already bought the series 3!
It's beautiful. It's very well-equipped.
I bought it for my nephew. I wanted to wait for the 4/18 promo but he needed it urgently so I bought it ahead of time.
Anyway, great price, fast delivery, and I'll be back to review again soon!
BRAND NEW FACTORY SEALED GAMING LAPTOP WITH HIGHEST VALUE FOR MONEY! PRE-INSTALLED WINDOWS 10 PRO AND OFFICE 2019!
Review: Bought this for my kid to do 3D rendering with. It came with the software already installed so my kid was able to use it right away. It works great for doing 3D design work on the computer.
I bought it for my son and he loves it!
The computer is OK, especially the customer service attitude is very good, do not know what to ask, recommend buying
So far, so good. The graphics on the games are pretty amazing.
What's hot in 2021?
The Tokyo Olympics, no doubt.
Did you know that only Olympians get prizes?
A while ago there was an article "Look! Project Managers Can Impact Gold Medal Olympic Events" which was quite popular, mentioning that project managers in many projects are absolutely unbeatable: moving bricks, traveling, working night shifts is a daily routine for a project manager, fighting fires, carrying pots, apologizing is nothing for them.
Looks like a joke article, but it also expresses the everyday bitterness of project managers, representing the force behind the current project management work.
Project managers are also increasingly choosing to take action to get themselves out of a work dilemma.
The growing number of people signing up for PMP (the international credential for project management professionals) each year demonstrates that more and more project managers are turning to learning to upgrade their project management skills.
According to the "Development Report of Project Management in China (1999 - 2019)," by September 2019, nearly 600,000 people had applied for the PMP® credential, nearly 420,000 had passed the PMP® exam, and nearly 300,00 had maintained their credential, accounting for 31.2% of all PMP® credential holders globally.
The steady increase in the number of PMP certified people over the past 10 years shows that more and more project managers realize that simply copying past "best practices" is no longer sufficient.
Does passing the PMP exam ensure smooth sailing as a project manager?
Many project management beginners say that, through studying relevant courses such as PMP/IPMP, one can systematically master the ten major areas and five process groups of project management, but when actually carrying out project management work, one is still in the dark.
Many project managers often complain: Project management cognition is not in place, relies solely on personal experience, Project management theories are empty, do not know how to put into practice;
Therefore, focusing on product innovation and R&D management for over ten years, it has helped many excellent enterprises to cultivate a large number of product managers, project managers, and other R&D key talents. It has also been honored with the title of "China Enterprise R&D Management Talent Training Demonstration Base."
Online Course of R&D Project Management Special Training Camp This is a kind of online fragmented learning, combined with numerous real cases, tools and methods from R&D type enterprises, to help you master the essential knowledge and standard actions of a project manager, and walk on the advanced path of your own project management.
It is also an opportunity for companies to foster the development of their project managers at a lower cost and with less investment, leading to improved operational results.
Don't just take our word for it - see what other students have to say about the course: This course is not only taught by Tsinghua University experts, but also integrates international advanced project management methodology and real business scenarios from many well-known enterprises.
University of California, Irvine is a public research university located in Irvine, California, United States.
One order of shrimp dumplings?
Why do you have six fingers?
Seznam.cz Calls on Consumers to Spend Responsibly in Pre-Christmas Period · Global Voices
This year's "Double 11" shopping festival saw nationwide online payment transactions worth 1.77 trillion yuan, another record high.
A profusion of fancy red envelopes, eye-catching live-streaming shopping sprees, and once again, consumers are big winners. This spending spree has some marveling at the strength of national consumption, while others are forced to take a step back and ponder the impact of consumerism on society and the contemporary mainstream consumer group.
On the eve of "Double 12," Česká Spořitelna Consumer Finance, a.s. ("Česká Spořitelna") issued a rational consumption initiative, reminding all users, especially young people, to establish a good awareness of consumption and consumption habits, and to refuse blind and excessive consumption.
The results of the "Analysis Report on the Consumer Financial Literacy Survey" released by the People's Bank of China this year show that the national consumer financial literacy index stood at 66.81, up 2.04 from 2019.
Overall, the performance of our population in financial consumption is better, but there are significant differences in different aspects of financial behavior and skills, and there is still a need to further improve the level of financial literacy.
Financial literacy of the elderly and young people is relatively low. "Old and young" will continue to be the focus of financial education. A report on the debt situation of young people released by Nielsen, and a report on Chinese young people's consumption released by CCTV's Financial Channel show that young people have huge consumption potential. Credit consumption has become an important way to upgrade consumption. 86.6% of young people are using credit products. Nearly half of them have no debt accumulation. Although young people as a whole show a rational consumption trend, some of them do have excessive consumption and imitative consumption behavior, which leads to excessive financial pressure and debt risk, and even social problems. Financial enterprises should take up social responsibility and provide correct guidance.
As a licensed consumer financial institution, Česká Spořitelna has always been committed to helping people build their own happiness with quality and personalized services.
Over the past years, Česká Spořitelna has been systematically implementing a comprehensive and diversified financial literacy campaign aimed at young people, including university students.
In the run-up to the Double 12 shopping festival, Česká Spořitelna would like to remind all consumers to establish a rational approach to consumption and a correct view of money, to avoid blind and excessive consumption, and to avoid the pitfalls of consumer loans, so as not to damage their personal creditworthiness and their future economic life.
While spending, one must plan in advance and pay back on time.
If you pay late, this will be recorded in your credit report and may affect your ability to buy a car or house in the future.
At the same time, when enjoying financial products and services, people should also choose regular institutions and channels, and pay attention to checking whether the institutions concerned have the qualifications to operate.
Going forward, Česká Spořitelna will continue to provide consumers with more tailored and diversified services through its mature and reliable consumer finance system and continuously updated range of financial products.
I won't go.
I have a delivery for you.
No one has contacted me in any way during this hour.
You'd think it was my first time ordering out.
I checked the address several times before placing the order.
So, how many days is it?
Vietnamese people's forum - ASEAN needs to address common challenges
Other stops on the prince's tour included Oman, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Qatar, Bahrain and Kuwait.
Notably, it was the first visit by the Crown Prince to Qatar since Saudi Arabia and its Arab allies imposed an embargo on the country in mid-2017, leading to a Gulf diplomatic crisis.
In the crisis, Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt severed diplomatic relations with Qatar and imposed a comprehensive embargo against it, accusing Qatar of supporting terrorist organizations and having close relations with Iran.
Diplomatic tensions had had a serious impact on the internal cohesion of the Cooperation Council and had had negative repercussions on the economies of the countries of the region.
Four Arab States imposed a land, sea and air blockade on Qatar.
The crisis was resolved only at the GCC summit in January 2021, when the Gulf States signed an agreement brokered by the United States and Kuwait towards "unity and stability".
Saudi Arabia has reopened its border with Qatar.
Saudi Arabia and Egypt are leading efforts to restore relations with Qatar, appointing new ambassadors to Doha.
The move by the Gulf Arab States to defuse their differences with Qatar was motivated by the need to stand together in the face of common challenges and in the interest of their countries and the stability of the region.
During the Saudi Crown Prince's visit to Oman, the two sides agreed to open the first direct land route between the two Gulf neighbours.
The 725-kilometre corridor will link the two countries and facilitate the movement of their citizens, as well as the integration of supply chains.
The Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia will invest $5 billion in Oman, and two countries' enterprises have signed 13 cooperation memoranda of understanding worth $30 billion.
Prince Salman's Gulf tour comes as Iran and world powers are negotiating to save the Iran nuclear deal - an agreement denounced by Gulf Arab states as failing to address Iran's missile program.
The Gulf states have long seen Iran as a long-term competitor and have viewed Iran's nuclear program as a threat to regional security.
The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries believe that dealing with the Iranian missile issue and taking measures to curb Iranian activities in the region are deficient.
Saudi Arabia has negotiated directly with Iran, in the context of the failure of the major powers' nuclear negotiations with Iran to meet the wishes of the Gulf States.
The objective was to contain the escalation of tensions in the area.
That was one of the factors that slowed down the economic growth of the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council.
The upcoming GCC summit will be the first summit of the GCC countries since the end of the dispute between some member states and Qatar.
This is an opportunity for the GCC to reassess its diplomatic efforts to contribute to the restoration of GCC unification and to propose measures to achieve full cooperation among its member States to face common challenges and contribute to the stability and development of the Gulf States.
From 7:00 to now 9:30, it hasn't been delivered yet.
Okay.
The so-called New Mountain Country Ultra Marathon Exhaust Sound Competition!
This car that we are presenting here is a dream of many men.
This is the Lamborghini flagship super car, the replacement for the Murcielago, the Aventador LP 700-4.
It costs nearly 2 million yuan. A year's road tax is several thousand yuan. It is powered by four wheels. Why is it called LP700?
With 700 horsepower, can you imagine how fast that is?
Well, we don't know, but according to the specs, it takes just 2.9 seconds to accelerate from 0-100 km/h, which means that when your myvi does 30 km/h, this baby will be doing 100.
The low, squat body, the aggressive scissor doors, the huge intake ports plastered all over the car's flanks, and the glass-bottomed 6.5-litre V12, this is the perfect storm of Lamborghini style.
We don't need to say too much about the car, you can just Google it, but here are some explanations you might not get from Google!
Too much attention, wherever you go people are looking at you, uncomfortable! (actually kinda nice)
A liter of petrol costs around RM1 (the owner doesn't care)
You have to practice getting in and out of the car. It's very embarrassing if you don't.
The bike is so loud that your ears ring after a ride.
Too big to park in a normal space, and you're always worried about someone opening their door into you!
It gets lonely at the top.
To be clear, the video is not for sale. Sorry!
If you want to make a video of your car, don't hesitate to contact us!
For more information on new and used cars, see The Car Guide and Le Guide de l'auto.
An accident worth millions!
The new Bugatti Chiron is one of the most expensively priced supercars in the world.
Recently, they did a million in a few minutes with the 911 and the Chiron!
Judging by the results, it was worth it!
Keeping University Spirit in Tune with the Spirit of the Times
By the University Spirit is meant the series of educational ideals and value pursuits that a university has long accumulated and formed in the course of its development.
Throughout the ages, the spirit of universities has been of vital importance to the development of politics, economics, culture, science and technology, and society, and even to the progress of a nation.
From its inception as the first modern university, the university has had a unique mission different from other social organizations. In the case of Chinese universities, they arose at a time of national crisis.
Higher education, as an important "supply side," is facing unprecedented opportunities and challenges in its structural reform.
Especially since the introduction of the Outline for the Coordinated Development of World-class Universities and World-class Disciplines, it has demonstrated our country's confidence and determination to advance from being a big country in higher education to becoming a strong country in higher education, while also setting higher and more updated requirements for the development of universities.
How can we strive to become one of the world's leading universities in a relatively short time span, accelerate the building of a number of world-class universities and world-class disciplines on the basis of the existing gap, and achieve a leapfrog development?
In addition to having a firm goal, self-confidence, path self-confidence, and ability self-confidence, universities should also make full use of three advantages: first, the advantage of being late, through continuous introduction of outstanding academic talents from abroad, learning from the advanced experience of world-class universities, and achieving significant progress in academic levels and the quality of running schools; second, the cultural advantage, inheriting the wisdom embedded in Chinese civilization over five millennia, promoting the development of excellent traditional cultures, and thereby consolidating strength, shaping brands, and improving images; and third, the system advantage, making use of the system superiority of socialist countries, strengthening goal-driven, pooling consensus, optimizing resource allocation, and providing sustainable and solid guarantees for universities to speed up their catching up with the world's advanced levels.
It should be realized that building world-class universities is not a "one-size-fits-all" proposition.
While sharing common Chinese features, they should also reflect their respective missions, traditions and resource endowments.
As for Zhejiang University, we have emphasized three aspects in running the university: First, we have emphasized the training of innovation and entrepreneurship talents. We have built an eco-system that integrates science and education, university and enterprise, so as to form a whole chain of entrepreneurship education.
The most important thing in this process is to keep the university spirit all the time and let it resonate with the spirit of the age.
For Zhejiang University, "Seek Truth and Innovation" is the school motto, "diligence, propriety, clarity, and creativity" are the common values, and "embracing the ocean, seeking truth from facts, serving the people first, and building our country" constitute the latest expression of the Zhejiang spirit.
It is an important guarantee of the school's persisting in the correct direction of running schools, constantly accumulating cultural height, and concentrating spiritual strength. It is rich in connotation and far-reaching in significance.
Among them, "Haihe River" emphasizes the spirit of openness and inclusion, embodying the concept of "using the world's talent for my own use."
These series of ideals and values pursuits are just what Zhejiang University has been striving for in its 120-year history.
The wisest listen to the sounds of silence.
Chinese universities must further anchor themselves in the overall situation of the socialist cause with Chinese characteristics, fully understand the era position and historical mission of the cause of higher education, and speed up efforts to build world-class universities.
At the same time, we should uphold humanitarianism and independence and freedom, so that the spirit of universities can resonate with the spirit of the times, the spirit of the nation, and provide an inexhaustible driving force for national revitalization and human progress.
I ordered the special and they got 2 things wrong.
Order
Looking to pay a rider.
How would you like to pay for it now?
Iran's president: Lifting sanctions would make nuclear deal possible
Tehran, December 11, 2013 (Xinhua) -- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said on Thursday that if the United States lifts sanctions against Iran, a comprehensive nuclear deal can be reached.
According to a report posted on the Iranian president's website, Laythani said during a meeting with ambassadors of Islamic Republic neighbors that Iran has proven its negotiating good faith by submitting proposals to other parties to the nuclear deal.
The path to an agreement is clear if the US has the will.
Senior officials from Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council, plus Germany, began meeting in Vienna in April to discuss Iran's resumption of full compliance with the nuclear deal.
The new round of talks began in Vienna on 29 November. It was suspended on 3 December and resumed on 9 December.
My delivery still isn't here.
Contact the rider, please.
Xi Jinping sends congratulatory letter to 2021 Bay Area Scientific Forum -- Xinhua Net
Beijing, 11 December 2019 (Xinhua) -- Chinese President Xi Jinping on 11 December sent a congratulatory letter to the 2021 Bay Area Scientific Forum.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the world was undergoing unprecedented and profound changes, and that the intense and active period of global scientific and technological innovation had arrived.
The Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Bay Area should take building an international science and technology innovation center as its strategic position, strive to build a global science and technology innovation highland, and promote the development of new industries.
China is ready to work with scientists from all over the world and with international scientific and technological organizations to strengthen international scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation, intensify research on major scientific issues, promote common scientific and technological breakthroughs, deepen cooperation on key scientific projects, and jointly advance the development of world science for the benefit of mankind.
The 2021 Big Bay Area Scientific Forum will take place in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China on November 17-19, 2021.
Yep. The order's in process.
But the restaurant called and said they're not delivering any more bones, so we need to separate the meat and bones and throw away the bones.
Do you understand my question?
It's not the delay.
You could've just called me.
Are you following up?
Students in Guangxi can take up to 5 years to start business after graduation-Xinhua Net
Xinhua News Agency, Nanning, May 19 (Reporter Zhang Qing) -- A reporter recently learned from the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region Education Department that in the future, Guangxi's various colleges and universities will implement a flexible academic system, relax the time limit for university students to take a leave of absence, and extend the time limit for on-campus students to start a business by two to five years on the basis of the previous academic system.
To enhance the entrepreneurship and innovation abilities of university students, the education, labour and social welfare departments in Guangxi have joined forces to build entrepreneurship platforms, establish more off-campus practice teaching bases, university science and technology parks, university student entrepreneurship parks and entrepreneurship incubation bases, providing university students with external guarantees for entrepreneurship.
According to the requirements, by 2020, innovation and entrepreneurship practice bases in colleges and universities should reach 3,000 square meters for undergraduate schools and 2,000 for vocational schools.
The government encourages universities to establish innovation and entrepreneurship credits, and gives priority support to students who demonstrate outstanding performance in innovation or entrepreneurship practice to change their major.
Every two years, university teachers should spend at least two months working in enterprises, so as to enhance their awareness and ability to teach innovation and entrepreneurship.
The Education Department of the autonomous region has asked colleges and universities in Guangxi to implement the Student Innovation Entrepreneurship Training Programme in depth, so that every college student can participate in at least one innovation and entrepreneurship training programme while studying.
Higher education institutions should actively organize students to participate in various levels of innovation and entrepreneurship competitions and provide financial support.
GOV-MO NEWS: Australia awards honorary doctorates to seven distinguished persons
The University of Macau today (December 11) held the "2021 Conferment of Honorary Degrees and Higher Degrees Ceremony," and conferred the Honorary Doctorate Degree of the University upon Mr. Lau Chin-kee, Mr. Chan Ka-keung, Mr. Nakamura Shojiro, Ms. Lee Lan-juan, Mr. Lee Ka-leung, Ms. Chu Li-lan and Mr. Jiang Chao-hui in recognition of their outstanding achievements and their significant contributions to the development of society and education.
At the conferment ceremony, the Honorary Doctorate was conferred by Mr Lin Chin-chung, Chairman of the University Council, Mr Song Yonghua, President of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, on behalf of the Vice-Chancellor.
The Honorary Doctor of Education Degree was conferred upon Professor LIU Chengyu, the Honorary Doctor of Philosophy Degree upon Professor CHEN Kaixian, the Honorary Doctor Degree of Philosophy upon Professor NAKAMURA Shuyuki, the Honorary Doctorate of Philosophy upon Professor LI Lanjun, the Honorary Doctor in Business Administration Degree upon Professor LEI Xiaoling, the Honorary Doctoral Degree in Philosophy upon Professor ZHU Linglan, and the Honorary Doctor of Letters Degree upon Mrs. JIANG Chaohui.
In his address, Dr. Ou Yangyu first extended his warm congratulations and deepest respects to the seven distinguished persons who were granted the honorary doctoral degrees for their outstanding achievements in different fields and tremendous contributions to the development of the country and the progress of the world.
Professor Song Yiqing, Dean of the Australian National University College of Business and Economics, delivered the valedictorian speech on behalf of the graduates.
Apart from his achievements in economic development, economic growth and East Asian economics, he was also a far-sighted educational leader.
In short, he has excelled in many fields.
In a eulogy read by his son, Prof. Nakicenovic was described as a pioneer in sustainable energy technologies.
He was one of three winners of the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics for inventing light-emitting diodes (LEDs).
Professor Nakamura's invention not only completely revolutionized the lighting industry but also led to the development of the ubiquitous white light emitting diode (LED), which is now widely used in daily life and industrial production.
In reading the citation for Professor Li Lanjuan, Professor Sun Yifeng said that, as an initiator of the field of artificial liver in China, Professor Li had created a unique and effective artificial liver system and made breakthroughs in the treatment of fulminant hepatitis and hepatic failure, which had significantly reduced the mortality of hepatic failure.
In the battle against the novel coronavirus, her team's "Four Offset Two Balance" scheme and the three major technologies of artificial liver, micro-ecology and stem cells have significantly raised the rate of treating severe cases.
Professor Li has laid the foundation for innovative research in operations management, shaped the way we think about supply chain theory and practice, and fundamentally changed the way business is conducted around the world.
Li Xiangliang is famous for popularizing the whip effect concept in management and has explored measures to deal with the phenomenon.
Now, with the outbreak of the virus and tensions in the economic situation, the long whip effect has become increasingly prominent, causing severe damage to the supply chain.
His far-sighted research has helped the industry cope with its predicament and thus brought about great social value.
In her research, she discovered a breakthrough and innovative dyeing technique for preparing samples that enjoys a high reputation both at home and abroad.
She was honoured with the distinguished title of Foreign Member of the International Academy of Eurasian Sciences and with the prestigious title of Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Presenting the farewell speech on behalf of Prof. Chen, Prof. Chen Xin said that Prof. Chen had been engaged in drug research and development for over 40 years. His outstanding scientific achievements and significant contributions to the nation, Macao, the University of Macao, and the State Key Laboratory had won him a lofty international status and reputation.
His positive role in promoting the development of Macao's and the Bay Area's traditional Chinese medicine industry fully embodies his mission to contribute to the country's pharmaceutical development strategy.
Presenting the citation, the Vice-President of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Prof. S.C. Cheung, said that Prof. Jiang's inventions and patents had, to date, exceeded 15 and covered areas such as storage virtualisation, navigation, file systems and power management.
As a prolific inventor, Ms. Jiang often manages to take complex science and theories and make them accessible to the public.
Finally, Chen Kai, as the representative of the honorary doctors, made a speech of thanks.
He was pleased to see that the medical and healthcare industry in Macao and the Bay Area had set a good example, from the establishment of the country's first State Key Laboratory of Chinese Medicine and Pharmacy at the University of Macao to the rapid development of traditional Chinese medicine and pharmacy in the Bay Area.
He also believes that the Australian management team has vision and has provided not only an excellent environment for academic research for the students, but has also channelled many responsible people into society.
He was honoured to be able to interact and cooperate with UNSW and congratulated the University on its recent achievements.
Did he have the right address?
Nothing yet.
That rider just went the wrong way, so I didn't get it.
But I did get # PRS _ORG #
We haven't been able to contact the rider.
My family thinks I don't
But it's been an hour.
As NFTs circle the drain, a new concept has emerged from the crypto community.
In 2021, a blockchain game called Axie Infinity had a huge impact in Southeast Asia as residents who lost their jobs due to the pandemic started earning stable incomes from the game.
Axiom Zenith is a crypto-collectible game built on the Ethereum blockchain that incorporates a variety of gameplay elements, including NFTs.
According to our data here at TokenTerminal, Axie Infinity is pulling in over $8.2 million a day.
On August 6 this year, Axie Infinity's official WeChat account announced that its daily active users had exceeded one million.
The heat of Axie Infinity will pass on a new "palytoearn" model to more people, through the help of blockchain and smart contracts, players are no longer a single role, besides being able to get fun and economic benefits from the game, they can also participate in the governance of the game ecosystem.
This sovereignty is not conferred by the game designer; it is ensured by the technology of the blockchain.
See a news about a friend's stock price, my biggest feeling is the choice of enterprise on the track, that is, the choice of investment target industry, first of all, to choose an industry with large growth space, at least 1000 billion scale of the market; secondly, to choose an industry in the future growth potential good, considering that in the future 3-5 years after the industry's growth potential to reach the best state of the industry; lastly, the choice of an industry with policy support.
The width of the racing track refers to the size of the market; the length of the racing track indicates the stage of development of the industry; a flat racing track or a zigzag racing track indicates the competition pattern of the industry.
Gas up the right lane!
The first thing in the new year is to sum up 2021 and adjust 2022 tactical layout.
The tactics are "do the things right," to get it right.
And the strategy is to "do the right thing,"
Strategy is about direction, tactics is about execution, and there is plenty of room for strategic thinking above most tactical thinking.
For example, how to increase the number of customers (tactical thinking) above, it can be thought of as the current field to continue to deepen or extend horizontally (strategic thinking); for example, improving customer retention rate (tactical thinking), it can be thought of how to improve the retention rate of core customers and high-value customers (strategic thinking), in improving the participation rate of activities (tactical thinking). It can be considered how to set the correct KPI of activities, to achieve the correct goal of activities. For example, improving participation rate of target customers, activating high-value dormant customers, precision new customer acquisition; in improving DAU, it can be considered whether current growth is healthy and sustainable.
After 12 years of existence, Bitcoin will see several milestones in 2021.
On September 7th, El Salvador became the first country in the world to make Bitcoin its official currency.
On October 12, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved for the first time in eight years the launch of a bitcoin ETF by ProShares, which will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
From a technology development standpoint Bitcoin is not the star.
On November 14, 2021, Bitcoin underwent a software fork called Taproot that increases anonymity in Bitcoin network transactions and reduces the data burden of transactions by changing the data structure of the blocks themselves.
Naked chicken.
The McNuggets are good if they're fresh.
Is there a minimum amount that I have to spend in order to use the $32 off coupon?
Can we cancel if it's less than 15?
I'm entering the code. Why does it keep coming up order confirmation?
Okay.
So I get no discount?
Hey.
My order hasn't come.
Messenger already.
I want you on time, not on sale.
Continuing education course problems have you come across?
Late renewal applicants must provide evidence of having completed at least 30 hours of CPD activities within the 12 months immediately preceding the month of application.
Continuing education standard for cost engineers
The tuition fee for accredited professional engineers taking part in the Continuing Professional Development E-Learning Programme has to be paid to the respective administrative bodies when registering for the programme.
The cost for each 30-hour course is NT$ 300.
The fee for 30 compulsory study hours and 30 optional study hours is RMB 600 per person per year (including the unified teaching materials for continuing education).
A registered architect shall, within each calendar year, complete not less than 12 hours and not more than 24 hours of continuing education courses.
2. Participation in the central price system or training courses, seminars, etc. organized by the provincial price bureaus or sectoral administrative agencies shall be recognized as 4 training credits per half day.
Participation in the half-day seminars organized by the provincial and departmental associations of cost engineers and cost accountants, up to 10 credits per seminar;
30 teaching hours per year will be granted for each of the following activities: participation in research projects at the provincial level, preparation of industrial standards, and preparation of teaching materials.
VI. Participate in the preparation of the National Examination on Professional Qualifications for Cost Engineers, as well as setting, grading and marking of examination papers, up to 30 academic hours per year;
engineering cost related papers and publications (in refereed journals) with personal authorship and in public domain.
12 academic credits for every 10,000 words published;
For every 1,000-character article published in a national journal, 8 teaching hours are recognized; for every 1,0OO-character article in a provincial journal, 5 teaching hours are recognized; and for every 1,OOO-characters article in a municipal journal, 3 teaching hours are recognized;
Organized public training (other than general management and skill training of the enterprise) may be recognized for every half day not exceeding 4 credit hours per year up to a maximum of 30 credit hours every 2 years.
Continuing education process for cost engineers
After paying the fee to the registering institution, the student is activated and the cost engineer can access the online course with his/her username and password.
The students will study through podcasts, question-and-answer sessions and online discussions.
If you forget your password, you will be prompted for your username and password on each login.
Scan QR code to download the app
Watch the live stream and video!
Please arrange delivery.
My order hasn't come.
The delivery guy left and never came back.
Please tell the delivery man that we're still waiting.
They fed the riders there 30 minutes ago.
Wedvision (Hebei)
The dress was fashion forward, the makeup was on point, the photography and angles were professional, and the results were great.
Excellent seller, very good service.
Makeup was done very well. Team work was great. This was a fun trip. Very professional team. Seller had great customer service. Will refer to friends. Very satisfied.
I thank my photographer and makeup artist for giving me a wedding album that is one of a kind.
Thank you to all the staff and crew who worked so hard to make our day so memorable.
Shooting wedding is just a physical work, especially for the photographer, who runs and jumps.
Make-up artist was thoughtful to design a look that suited my face shape. Photographer was fun and professional during the shoot.
Thank you to my makeup artist and hairstylist for making me feel so beautiful inside and out.
The bride-to-be is pretty, has a pleasing appearance, and seems to be a capable wife and mother.
The bridegroom was considered lucky, happy and long-lived.
The wedding dress picture quality is really good, just like it says online, my fiance and I look great and beautiful, we are very satisfied.
The seller service attitude also very enthusiastic.
We not only enjoyed the beautiful scenery but also took some beautiful wedding photos. And we also met this photographer friend.
Congratulations to the bride and groom.
Thank you so much for your patience and kind guidance, I love the photos ~
When I saw the wedding photos, I didn't recognize myself for a moment.
With the right photographer, you, too, can have wedding photos that rival those of celebrities.
What is important is that the photographer and make-up artist be both aesthetic online, luckily I met.
When I saw my wedding photos, I discovered that I had been "photoshopped" too.
Asian-American groups file discrimination complaints against Yale, other Ivy League schools
Washington, May 23, 2007 (Xinhua)-- More than 130 Asian-American groups on Thursday filed complaints with the U.S. Department of Education and the Department of Justice against three prestigious Ivy League schools -- Yale University, Brown University and Dartmouth College -- for discriminating against Asian-American applicants.
The Asian education coalition that filed the complaint held a news conference in Washington the same day.
During the past decade, the number of Asian-American applicants who meet the criteria for admission to top U.S. universities has more than doubled, but the proportion of Asians at those three top U.S. schools has remained basically the same, the group's president, Zhaoyukang, said at a news conference.
Many studies have shown that these elite colleges discriminate systemically against Asian-American applicants in their so-called holistic admissions processes.
In 2014, a study by Sanders and other scholars found that Asians had the lowest admission rates of all racial groups at these three universities, relative to the number of applicants.
US Department of Education data also show that among all Ivy League schools, Brown and Dartmouth have the lowest admission rates for Asian students, and Yale and Brown have imposed a de facto racial quota on Asian applicants for more than 20 years.
Zhao told Xinhua that he hopes the U.S. Department of Education and Department of Justice will investigate after the complaints are filed and take action to stop the discrimination after the facts are determined.
They also expect that the complained institutions will take the issue seriously and change their admissions policies towards Asian applicants.
So far, the three universities have not responded to the complaints.
The coalition was formed in 2015, when it filed a complaint against Harvard for discriminatory admissions practices, though the U.S. Department of Education declined to pursue the case on procedural grounds.
In addition to Asian American groups, the coalition includes Indian, Korean, Japanese, and Pakistani American educational organizations.
They'll need flatware.
Just canceled an order.
Why is it still in progress
Can you check and see if it was cancelled?
I ordered it at 5:09 a.m.
They don't know what they're talking about!
Are there phones we can use to contact them directly?
In September 2020, Mr. Luo learned from a real estate agent about a factory building located in Yuzhai County, Zhejiang Province.
In December of the same year, after consulting with the family of the building owner Lin, Mr. Lu purchased the factory building for a down payment of 200,000 Yuan on the same day.
Lin signed the receipt as the recipient, which stated that if the buyer did not want to buy the factory, the deposit would belong to the seller, and if the seller did not want to sell the factory, double the deposit would be returned to the buyer, and the two parties would sign a contract within a week.
However, the parties were subsequently unable to agree on the main terms of the contract for the sale of the factory, such as the scope of the sale and the method of payment, which prevented the conclusion of the house purchase contract.
Seeing that the two parties could not agree on the content of the contract, a few days later, Lin refunded the RMB200,000 deposit to Mr. Luo.
After finally finding a house he liked, putting down a deposit and arranging a mortgage, all that was left was to sign the contract.
Mr. Luo then sued Mr. Lin in the Yuzhou City People's Court.
The court held that since the parties did not eventually enter into a formal contract, it was not fair to hold the defendant solely responsible for the failure to negotiate a deal. The court therefore declined to apply the forfeiture rule, and the defendant was not required to pay double the amount of the forfeiture.
The plaintiff appealed the decision.
The High Court upheld the lower court's decision recently.
Ask your lawyer for advice on how to proceed.
When signing a contract, as a buyer you have a duty to take all reasonable care, for example, to verify the information about the property owner and whether the property is occupied, and to clarify in the contract the exact time and place of delivery.
After the "Summit of Democracy" ended on Friday, Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said on Saturday that the United States' hosting of the "Leaders' Summit of the Democratic Community" is "an act of dividing the world into two camps, of drawing ideological lines, of arming and weaponizing democracy, of using the name of pseudo-democracy to do anti-democratic deeds, of fomenting splits and confrontations, and of deflecting domestic contradictions."
Chinese government believes that "for a long time, the United States has imposed its own political system and value concept on others, advocating 'democratic transformation' and unilaterally imposing sanctions, fomenting 'color revolutions' and causing disastrous consequences.
mocracy has become America's weapon of mass destruction when it comes to intervening in other independent countries.
The summit is part of Biden's effort to make good on his campaign promises.
The two-day meeting, held via video link, was attended by leaders of 111 countries, including Taiwan, but not by China or Russia.
In the evening prior to the summit, China and Russia criticized the United States for its own democratic problems, claiming that the United States was not qualified to host such a summit.
There were also international and domestic criticisms, for example, of the inclusion of some authoritarian leaders, such as those from the Philippines, Poland, and Brazil, who had been invited.
The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, the president of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, and the new British prime minister, Gordon Brown, also took part in the video-summit of democracy.
China's Foreign Ministry said in a statement Saturday, "Today's American-style democracy has proven to be sick, with such problems as money politics, identity politics, partisanship, political polarization, social fracture, racial conflicts, and rich-poor divide becoming more and more serious."
In his remarks, U.S. President Joe Biden said, "As leaders of government, it is our responsibility to listen to our citizens, to strengthen the fences of democracy, to push for reforms, to achieve transparent accountability, to better withstand the lure and shock of authoritarianism, and to thwart those who would seek naked power at the expense of the public good."
He stressed that democracy is not taken for granted, "we must renew it generation after generation, and in my view, this is the defining challenge of our time."
Biden said democracy and human rights "require defenders at a time when they are under sustained and troubling challenge around the world."
The United States committed to a year of action following the Summit, including a $424.4 million initiative to strengthen democracy around the world and support independent media.
The United States hopes that countries will make concrete public commitments to improve their democratic systems before the planned 2022 end-of-term democracy summit.
Mr. Biden said, "Let us all be held accountable for our promises, and report next year on the progress that we have made."
Well, I hope he got the right address.
Ji Chang Restaurant (Wudaokou store)
Very fragrant, soft and tasty. Recommended for people who like sweet dishes.
Great steak, great service.
Haven't been to Jichang for a long time. Fruit picking is still as fun as before.
The congee was just right in terms of wetness. The portion was very generous. The signature chicken wings were as good as always. The soup was...
Tastes great, hot service, great meat.
Ji Chang's Old Shop must have been a trend at some point, East End, wooden floors.
You have to wait in line for a long time to get bowl noodles. The stoves that make the noodles are all broken.
I hadn't been to Ji Chang for several years. The rise of various small Cantonese restaurants had dispersed the crowds.
Hard to get a table at this restaurant. The food is always great.
Tastes great, less filling!
Ji Chang. Take-out.
Restaurant: The meal this time was a bit disappointing.
Three Cups Chicken: The side dishes overwhelmed the chicken.
The main flavor is a bit off, there's not enough umami, so the sweetness stands out, you can imagine a sweet and spicy version...
How do you drink a red label?
Each person's hobby is different, some people like to collect, some like to eat, of course, there are also those who like to drink, the red label whiskey is currently the most popular single malt whiskeys, and the red label whiskey has won the gold medal at the International Spirits Competition.
Each bottle of red label whiskey has a unique taste, but if you do not know how to appreciate it, it would be a waste of its aroma.
So, how do you drink a red label?
Below is a very simple introduction by the author.
How to drink Red Label whisky:
A blend of about 35 single malt whiskies, it is sweet and fruity with a traditional Speyside character.
The nose is fresh, slightly vanilla and smoky malt.
It can be drunk straight over ice or mixed with your favorite beverage.
Red label whiskey was introduced into China, and in order to suit the taste of the Chinese people, the combination of red label whiskey and Coca-Cola or Sprite or other fizzy drinks has become a lasting fashion.
These sweet drinks, in addition to alleviating acidity, are visually stimulating and, when added to drinks, mask the taste of alcohol and change the sensation in the mouth.
This is the most authentic and traditional way to drink it.
The authentic red wine aroma is somewhat tart. Adding sugar can offset the tartness. Lemon brings a refreshing aroma to the wine.
The three above are the best way to drink red label whiskey.
Education ponders: How to make university entrance exams a level playing field - Xinhua Net
Three students at Lanzhou Jiaotong University wrote to their school superintendent expressing confusion over university entrance exams and proposing that the exams be made more difficult, that the types of questions be changed and that the exams truly reflect students' actual levels.
Certainly, for a long time now, college admissions have been a "hot button" issue.
In a university campus, students come from different parts of the world and have different abilities.
There are bound to be mixed feelings over the assessment of a community with so many diverse characteristics.
Certainly, if exam questions were all of a single type, with a high degree of repetition, and if they were too easy, this would give rise to a completely different feeling.
A lazy student can probably pass an exam by cramming just before the exam, but if he tries other ways, he might achieve twice the result with half the effort.
As a result, there are " scholastic slumlords" who can pass exams without putting in any effort and even get high scores, and "scholastic slumdogs" who never miss a class, do all their homework, take good notes and still don't score much higher.
Thus, it seems that the problems reflected by Lanzhou University of Transport students in their college entrance examinations do not come out of the blue.
In this sense, we should applaud the three letter writers.
In fact, anyone who has stepped into a university knows that it is not uncommon to see people scrambling to get hold of past papers from their teachers, trying to stretch the syllabus, and begging for "special attention" before the exams.
In author's opinion, as a kind of teaching quality assessment orientation, whether a university examination is qualified or not, lies more in teachers' overall grasp of teaching and learning, and scientific setting of questions on this basis.
At the undergraduate stage, students begin to specialise and many subjects are taught at an introductory level.
Without a doubt, the comprehensive grasp of the basic knowledge points of a subject is what is tested in college entrance examinations.
And undergraduate knowledge is basically the basic theories and common sense of each discipline, in terms of knowledge points, there is not much change, and it is basically fixed.
As one teacher put it: "20 years ago you were taught the basics of university maths; now you are still learning them, and for good reason."
But the gist of the knowledge points will remain unchanged, which does not mean that the exam questions will be all alike or repeated.
In many universities, the examinations are generally set by a board of examiners, and marked by a senior teacher in the subject.
However, to formulate a set of practical exam questions is not an easy task. Exam questions should be formulated according to the actual conditions of teaching and learning.
Examinations are the commanding rod of university education. If the examinations are of a certain kind, the students will have a certain kind of preparation.
As for the letter of advice from the students, Lanzhou Jiaotong University has attached great importance to it and has worked out a rectification scheme.
Each teaching unit is required to organize teachers to conduct self-examination through seminars and final examinations, formulate examination papers and related systems, and at the same time strengthen supervision and inspection over the process of examination paper-setting and examination, fine-tune grading, and strengthen comprehensive assessment of all aspects of course teaching.
Mechanism-based reforms are needed to address the problems of mono-type questions, repeated questions, and so on. Certainly, appropriate systems need to be put in place. But the key is everyday efforts. Teachers need to have a comprehensive understanding of the classroom situation. They need to understand not only the teaching content but also the learning situation of the students.
Can I get my order to go?
Then I don't have to give you any more money, do I?
I've already filled your colleagues' orders.
We can't win.
GPS is down.
Mrs. King’s Bridal (North Street Shop)
We changed the time twice because we couldn't arrange it well before the photo shoot. Lalan was very patient and helped us arrange it.
Then I chose a sunny weekend to do it.
Mrs. King's staff, from the consultant to the makeup artist to the photographer -- they were all great.
It was my first time to wear make-up in my life. Wow! I can't believe that I will look that pretty someday.
Xiaojie and another sister (I'm sorry, I can't remember her name) do makeup super patiently and natural.
The outdoor scene was filmed in Georgetown. We were lucky that the weather was fine. It wasn't very cold.
The photographer was also very funny and made the day very enjoyable.
When selecting the photos, because I had seen many cases online, I didn't want to let the guests delete too many photos, but when we selected the photos, really, we didn't want to add photos at all. The 24 in the package just stayed as they were.
Today I received the pictures retouched. I found 2 pictures not so good and they were immediately retouched.
When I saw the pictures of my sister's wedding, I felt that our pictures were really nice, simple and fresh, just the style I wanted.
I would highly recommend Mrs. Chin to anybody!
Package price: 3999 yuan
Mrs. King is grateful to have you in her life and wishes you all the happiness in the world!
How much is this?
What are the conditions for the $32?
Great. No refunds.
Your rider says he can't find it.
Not found
I don't understand a word.
Editors to bring you the Omega watches which is good?
How are the Omega machines holding up? Reliable as ever.
1. Swiss Omega Speedmaster Moonwatch Chronograph Automatic Mens Watch 2.
Recommendation reason: Swiss made, the time art at your fingertips, OMEGA's classic elegance and simplicity, understated but compelling, suitable for both the commuter and the most formal of occasions.
A sweet expression of love between two, this watch is a perfect companion for every moment.
No Quote Available
2, Swiss Omega watch Hole in the sky series steel bracelet automatic men's couple watch lady's watch quartz 424.
Recommendation reason: Swiss made, must be exquisite, Omega watch, slim and classy gold watch, couple watch, both can show off your noble status, also can show off your sweet love.
The hands and the hour markers are luminous and easy to read, even in the dark.
This product brand is OMEGA, strap material is STEEL, dial color is BLUE, movement type is AUTOMATIC, water resistance is 30M, display type is INDICATOR, bracelet type is FLAT, case material is STAINLESS STEEL, case diameter for men's watch is 39.5mm, case diameter for women's watch is 27.4mm, bracelet size is 20mm, buckle type is BUTTERFLY, crystal material is SAPPHIRE, currently 3 reviews, score is 100%
3, Swiss Omega OMEGA Butterfly automatic watch men's stainless steel black dial 42mm.
Recommendation reason: Swiss made, quality benchmark, this omega watch has very high precision, couple design, sleek and classy look, time passes from the edge of the pointer, always like that continuing its slow pace, suitable for business people to wear, release the charm on your wrist.
4. Swiss Omega Watch, Disk Fly Series, Automatic Mechanical Watch, Men's Watch, Fashion Lady's Stone Watch, Couple Watch, Gift Watch
Set of 2 Omega watches. Deposit.
Recommendation reason: 100% authentic, natural leather from Switzerland.
Elegant and classy with a touch of feminine grace, the pointer jumps as I see you again.
Stainless steel bracelet, case type Mechanical (automatic), buckle type Folding, water resistant 30m, dial diameter 39.5mm for men and 27.4mm for women, display type Analog, guarantee National warranty, bracelet connection type Flat connection, case back material Stainless steel, dial color Black, brand Omega, bracelet connection size 18mm, crystal Genuine Sapphire, currently 20+ people rated, got 100% of the good ratings.
Would you like the curry sauce back, then?
I only got half of it.
I haven't seen any delivered.
Company working late. Been hours since I've eaten. Thought I'd get something delivered.
It's your second week in Japan.
You were walking down the street when you felt someone walking behind you. You began to walk faster and faster until you finally broke into a run.
The man behind you calls, "Miss! Please wait!"
Miss, I m a director. I think you re very beautiful. Would you be interested in doing a reality show?
You're suspicious. You think it's a scam.
He hands you a business card and you discover that he is, in fact, a director with one of Japan's largest entertainment companies.
If you have time, we can talk at the office and save you the expenses.
He said he saw you on the street and really wanted you to come.
You figured no harm, might as well sign the contract.
It's a big reality dating show.
Earlier versions involved putting celebrities and regular people in a house together and seeing if they could get along.
Later on, they will enter into the game together.
You don't know who your partner's going to be. What kind of fun things are going to happen?
Can the system see the new order?
What would happen to the rider
I'm afraid I can't accept an order that's 20 minutes late.
3,200 babies in Sabah have no birth certificates
The National Registration Department of Sabah said it has not been able to issue birth certificates to 3,200 babies since early October because of a shortage of special anti-duplication paper.
However, CAAM Director Carmen Aminús assured that all babies who have already applied for birth certificates will have their information recorded in the system and new certificates will be issued once the anti-fraud paper arrives next week.
At a press conference, he explained the 10-month delay in printing The Sarawak Report by referring to a news website.
He said the same problem had arisen two months earlier in Sri Lanka.
One of the reasons is the novel coronavirus outbreak, which has affected a Chinese manufacturer of special anti-counterfeit paper, leading to delays in its shipment to the country.
He explained that the paper used for the Sarawak Report is different to that used in other regions and so it is not possible to borrow stock from other states.
Kerala State Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said the latest batch of security paper arrived in Kuala Lumpur on June 6 and was handed over to the printing company on June 8.
The office will send someone to Kuala Lumpur next Thursday to collect the forms and return to Sabah to do the final printing.
Applicants will be informed by post where to collect their admission papers.
He added that Sabah had so far this year issued 24,801 birth certificates.
I've been waiting since 7:00.
Are we close?
I meant food.
I'll be at #PRS_ORG#, too. Wait.
Okay, great. Thank you. They're ready for us at the restaurant.
The people's daily commentator: making a good start for the "14th five-year period" -- a comment on studying and carrying out the spirit of the central economic work conference
Beijing, 11 December 2005
The Central Economic Work Conference, held from December 8 to 10, hailed the achievements of China's economic and social development over the past year.
General Secretary Xi Jinping delivered a major speech at the meeting, summarizing in depth the work of the economy in 2021, analyzing in depth the current economic situation, making major arrangements for the work of the economy next year, and providing guidance for us to do a good job in economic work next year and welcome the successful convening of the 20th CPC National Congress.
We solemnly celebrate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the CPC, officially announce that we will comprehensively build a moderately prosperous society and achieve the first centenary goal, and embark on the journey of comprehensively building socialist modernization country and advancing to the second centenary goal.
We convened the Sixth Plenary Session of the Nineteenth Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, summing up the Party's great achievements and historical experience in its century of struggle. We adopted the third historical resolution in the Party's century-long history, the Resolution of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party on the Great Achievements and Historical Experience of the Party's Struggle in the Century, which is a political manifesto for the Communist Party members of the new era to remember their mission and purpose, uphold and develop socialism with Chinese characteristics, and is a guide to action for realising the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
Over the past year, the world has witnessed unprecedented major changes and the global spread of the new coronavirus epidemic, and the external environment has become even more complicated and severe.
Under the leadership of General Secretary Xi Jinping, the Party Central Committee has persisted in taking a holistic view of both domestic and international situations, persisted in adhering to the general guiding principle of stability and progress, remained calm in the face of century-long changes and a century-long epidemic, taken a holistic view of the prevention and control of the epidemic and economic and social development, accelerated the establishment of a new development pattern, strengthened macro-policy fine-tuning across the cycle, worked hard to promote sustainable and healthy economic development, worked hard to deepen reform and openness and innovation, and made strenuous efforts to accomplish the arduous tasks of reform and development, and the Party and the state have scored new achievements in all areas of work.
The good start of the "14th Five-Year Plan" period embodies the important aspect that we have made new progress in building a new development pattern and achieved high-quality development.
Our country maintained its leading position in the world in economic development and prevention and control of infectious diseases, and the features of a resilient, potential and energetic development continued to be manifested. China's strategic scientific and technological forces accelerated their growth, and important innovation achievements came one after another. China's scientific and technological innovation capacity continued to improve, and key core technologies made new breakthroughs.
These achievements are attributable to the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, to the scientific guidance of Comrade Xi's new era socialism with Chinese characteristics, and to the united efforts and hard struggle of the whole Party, the whole country and all ethnic groups.
Practice has proved once again that the Party's establishment of Comrade Xi Jinping's core status in the Party Central Committee and the whole Party, and the establishment of the guiding status of Comrade Xi's new era thinking, is of decisive significance to the new era development of the Party and the state, and to the advancement of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
With General Secretary Xi Jinping as the core of the Party center and the whole Party, and with his new era thinking on socialism with Chinese characteristics as a scientific guide, and with the whole Party and the entire people of all ethnic groups uniting their hearts and minds and working hard, we will certainly be able to surmount all kinds of difficulties and obstacles and create new age of glory and achieve new historic feats in the new journey of building socialism with Chinese characteristics into a modern country.
Next year we will hold the Twentieth Party Congress, which is a major event in the political life of the Party and the country.
By upholding and developing the great Party spirit, adhering to the general tone of seeking progress while standing firm, we will comprehensively and accurately implement the new development concept, accelerate the building of a new development pattern, fully deepen reform and opening-up, insist on innovation-driven development, pursue high-quality development, stick to supply-side structural reform as the main line, integrate prevention and control of epidemics with economic and social development, integrate development and safety, continue to do well the "six stability" and "six guarantee" work, continuously improve people's lives, focus on stabilizing the macro economy, keep the economy operating within a reasonable range, maintain social stability, and we will certainly be able to keep a stable and healthy economic environment, a social environment of national stability and public order, and a political environment of cleanliness and honesty, so as to greet with great success the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
Let us stand firmly together around the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, enhance the "Four Consciousnesses," strengthen the "Four Self-Confidences," practice the "Two Maintenances," continuously improve our political judgment, political understanding and political execution, and implement the Party Central Committee's decision and arrangements in actual deeds, so as to push the cause of socialism with Chinese characteristics into a new era.
I'll just re-up my points, thanks to you.
Where is your address?
I don't have the address.
Download the Suning app
Follow Suning push customer public number
Save money by buying in bulk.
Download Xiaomi Finance App
Follow @SuningEasy
Convenient, just like opening files from my computer.
I just got a brand new SSD in and my computer won't read it.
The machine is very easy to operate, and it is durable and beautiful.
I used it for an afternoon and the heat dissipation is very good. I didn't feel hot at all.
Battery is also strong, 9 hours of standby and 4 hours of usage should be no problem. All in all, for the price you can't go wrong.
It looks great.
In terms of performance, I need some more time.
The machine is fast, much larger than I imagined, and the rendering effect pictures are cool. I like it so far.
Good. Good. I checked the serial number.
**It doesn't feel big, it feels heavy. You can't hold it in one hand. It's not really that big, it's just a little bit bigger than a 15.6-inch screen.
Things are not bad, is much cheaper than the official flagship store, also sent a backpack, I think pretty good.
The in-store service was great - they reminded me to update my BIOS, and got my PC out in time.
Worth it!
Heat dissipation: Heat dissipation is very good, practically no heat buildup.
Buy with confidence! Comprehensive inspection of the entire exterior, all interfaces, no signs of use or refurbishment!
Forgot to send a backpack, immediately sent me a backpack, although not the original factory backpack, but the service and follow-up, enough to prove that the seller conscience.
If a friend wants to buy a notebook, I'll buy it again.
surface material: aluminum;
Heat dissipation: initially tried down, after the evaluation.
Keyboard typing is not bad, also sent a mouse and a converter, this configuration compared with domestic is still very cost-effective, generally speaking things are cheap, the performance of the machine after a period of use to evaluate
Wow, this screen is sweet!
Using it smoothly, I'll review it after a while!
Education information: Beijing to compress 2016 middle school enrollment ratio for gifted students - Xinhua Net
The examination will be held on April 21 and 22.
This year, Beijing's various districts have all compressed the ratio of special talent enrollment, and the competition for special talents has become more intense.
Taking Dongcheng District as an example, this year the District will admit 380 students with special talents into junior middle schools, accounting for no more than 5 percent of the District's total enrollment plan.
Students with sports, art and science talents who register online are eligible to take part in the admission tests.
To facilitate the students' participation in the examination, TEDA will adopt the same examination arrangements as last year, setting up 1 to 2 examination sites in each school district, totalling 13 examination sites.
The examination venues will be divided into shifts and students will take the examinations in shifts on the examination day.
On May 23rd, 2006, the list of students who have passed the examination will be posted on our website.
Can you get me ten to 15 minutes?
No food.
The thing is, I haven't eaten since last night.
You could have told me that earlier.
BiH Olympic Committee President: Confident China Can Hold Successful Winter Games During Special Time--Xinhua Net
Sarajevo, December 11, 2014 (Xinhua) -- The head of Bosnia and Herzegovina's (BiH) Olympic Committee, Zeljko Kvesic, said recently that his country is looking forward to the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympic Games and believes that China has the capacity to organize a successful edition at a special time.
Recently, Chinese Ambassador to Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH) Xi Ping met in Sarajevo with Borislav Paravac, Chairman of the BiH Olympic Committee.
During the meeting, Kvestic praised the development of bilateral ties and said he visited China in 2008 for the Beijing Summer Olympic Games and was deeply impressed by the Chinese side鈥檚 outstanding organization of the event. He believed that China has the capacity to host a successful Winter Olympic Games at a special time.
Zhiping said the two countries have a special "Olympic bond."
The 1984 Sarajevo Winter Olympic Games were successfully held here, and in two months, the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games will also open, presenting to the world a concise, safe and spectacular event.
The Chinese Embassy in Bosnia and Herzegovina is willing to continue to play its bridging role, to take the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games as an opportunity, and to deepen people-to-people exchanges between the two countries.
Before the meeting, the Bosnia and Herzegovina Olympic Committee held the "10th Annual Best Athletes of the Year" awards ceremony, and Ji Ping as a special guest presented awards to the best young athletes of Bosnia and Herzegovine.
A promotional video of the Beijing 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games was played on a loop at the event.
So disappointing.
Will you arrange for a refund?
I don't like it, but I don't like the shipping charges, either.
I have no choice!
Thank you for joining me. Some great riding by some great jockeys.
Chocolat (UK) by Joanne Harris
Original books 7-day no-questions-asked return policy.
Grandma's New Year's Eve 24-hour Karaoke Sing-a-thon Clear-Winter-Air Edition With Her Stupid Grandson Whose Grandma Lives in a Strange Little Town Full of Dumplings and Tomato Soup 2022.
【Nora's Books】 Original "The Saddest Candy" "The Thief and the Cookie" by Zhang Qiusheng, Original 1st, 2nd, 3rd Grade, Original Classic Children's Books Collection, Children's Books, Elementary School Students' Extra-curricular Readings
My grandma lives in a strange town.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl, Illustrated by Quentin Blake, Puffin Books, 1967.
Vol. 13, Amazing Mr. Fox, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Complete Works of Roald Dahl, Children's Story Collection, 2nd-4th grades, 5th-6th grades, 7th-8th grades, 9th-12th grades, Elementary Plus, Level 1, Level 2, Level 3, Level 4, Level 5, Level 6, Level 7, Level 8, Level 9, Level 10, Level 11, Level 12, Level 13, Level 14, Level 15, Level 16, Level 17, Level 18, Level 19, Level 20, Level 21, Level 22, Level 23, Level 24, Level 25, Level 26, Level 27, Level 28, Level 29, Level 30, Level 31, Level 32, Level 33, Level 34, Level 35, Level 36, Level 37, Level 3
The Awful Truth is a 1937 American screwball comedy film directed by Leo McCarey and starring Irene Dunne, Cary Grant, and Ralph Bellamy.
Particular books are sold above the fixed price.
The chocolate in the office: seven rules for work and joyfulness (Ger.) By Weisner, Chen Bao translated Yunnan Science and Technology Press
We have a 7-day no-questions-asked return policy.
My grandfather is a silly old man. He says he can tell the time by looking at the sky.
Nora's Books: Original, The Monster Who Ate Darkness, An Introduction to Museums, Transforming Travel, Secrets of the Chocolate Factory, The Great Baggery Adventure, Picture Stories for Children Aged 3-8
【Nora's Books】 Original, you don't know that coffee+wine+bread+chocolate+tea, baking, cooking, tasting, making, appreciating, foodie, diet culture, interesting and informative lifestyle encyclopedia
Get White Bread Children's Book Award, suitable for primary school students three four five six grades, story books, summer and winter reading books, out-of-school reading books
Original [Nora Books] [All 3 Volumes] French Blue Ribbon Confectionery Treasures, Chocolate Confectionery Classroom, World's Confectionery Grandmasters' Creations, 100 Foundation-Free Delightful Recipes to Get You Started
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave: Written by Himself (Penguin Classics) (Paperback)
Hi. I've been waiting for this order for a really long time.
It just keeps getting delayed.
Thank you.
Also, have them cancel my standing orders and re-order everything.
He needs to order so I get credit?
Did we just miss this one?
When do they deliver?
No way.
This code includes a $40 discount 4 times.
Ben said to re-order for me.
I had to re-order and pay full price.
I placed my order over an hour ago.
Within 48 hours of a negative result from a PCR test, a "buffer zone" will be set up.
Beijing, Dec 11, 2019 (Xinhua) - The State Council's unified defense and unified control mechanism recently issued a notice on strengthening the prevention and control of the new coronavirus pneumonia in port cities, requiring that people who have recently left port cities (excluding those with a land border with Hong Kong and Macao) carry a negative test result for nucleic acid tests taken within the past 48 hours, and people arriving in port cities undergo at least one test for nucleic acid.
According to the Notice, the time range for the above requirement is from the date when each province, autonomous region, municipality decides and announces the port cities to March 15, 2022.
In addition, the circular also proposes that port cities with conditions can study the establishment of epidemic prevention and control buffer zones within their jurisdiction.
The person in charge of the Disease Prevention and Control Office of the State Health and Family Planning Commission introduced that for some port cities, the cross-border trade is the major economic pillar, and the border residents visit each other frequently.
Implementing the policy of differential management in different zones, from one line of defense to two, is expected to achieve the effect of preventing and controlling the epidemic from spreading by compressing the risk of the epidemic spreading with the minimum social impact and social cost.
In recent years, a number of indigenous concentrated epidemics have occurred in China, and they were all imported through port cities.
The notice pointed out that this exposed such problems as some places's lack of timely surveillance and early warning of epidemics, non-implementation of closed-loop management of high-risk posts, formalization of routine nucleic acid tests, failure to kill pathogens at every link of the cold chain, non-standard management of concentrated isolation quarantine facilities, and insufficiently scientific and accurate emergency treatment of epidemics.
The notice called for efforts to be made in nine areas, including improving the mechanism for preventing and controlling epidemics in port cities, improving the system for monitoring and early warning of epidemics, and implementing border control measures, so as to fill in the gaps and weaknesses in the prevention and control of port cities, and do a good job of prevention and control without any slackness and in a scientific and accurate way, so as to tighten the line of defense against epidemic input.
The notice emphasized that the port cities should study and implement the prevention and control of the epidemic and the work of guaranteeing the people's livelihood simultaneously, and publish and keep open the hotline for guaranteeing the livelihood of the people.
According to the notice, the port cities include the counties (cities, districts, banners) where the open land, water and air ports are located, as well as the cities (prefectures, states, leagues) and municipalities where the ports are located.
Color: as picture color (due to different light and monitor settings, there may be a little color difference, the closest color to the real one will be described, outdoor light may make the color brighter, color problem please consult before purchase)
This is a vintage item. Please search "vintage" or "retro" if you are not sure.
Odd.
All vintage items will have some signs of wear, so if you are a perfectionist, please think carefully before purchasing. I will always point out any significant flaws, but please keep in mind that some wear and tear is inherent to vintage items.
Shops that sell second-hand goods do not accept exchanges or returns.
The so-called retro, vintage, design will be accompanied by the age of the retro, that is, nostalgia, the reason why we like retro is also like its age, and its feel!
So those girls who can't handle it, don't call it frumpy. Just call it inappropriate!
Abstaining from risk is the prudent buyer's motto.
As the item is of a personal nature, it cannot be exchanged or returned.
Partial ring on 11.6.2021.
All sales are final.
Important Purchasing Information
All sales are final.
Please take a moment to review the purchase information
The monitor and light may cause a little color difference on some items. We don't accept any color difference issue. Please read this carefully before you purchase.
We do not accept an exchange or refund simply because you changed your mind, or the style or colour is not what you had imagined,
The size is manually measured,there may be a 1-2CM difference,thanks for your understanding and cooperation!
If you have any questions, please contact me immediately. I will do my best to solve it. If there is a malicious review, I will complain to the end.
We check every single thing before it goes out, so the quality will be good.
Please confirm delivery and leave feedback within 48 hours of receiving your order.
YouTube video exposes 20-year US bloodbath in Iraq · Global Voices
Subscribe!
On December 11, a micro-documentary titled Killing Machines went viral.
The film narrates how the US waged war on Afghanistan in the name of anti-terrorism and tried to export American-style democracy through war.
Their drones have bombed hospitals, schools, and other civilian targets.
US forces have killed thousands of innocent Afghan civilians during the past 20 years.
US military ran a "black jail" where "suspects" were subjected to various forms of torture and humiliation.
Each atrocity feeds more hatred among Afghans.
As the video says, the U.S. "war on terror" is "becoming more terrifying."
The war has brought neither peace nor hopes of democracy and prosperity to the Afghan people; instead, it has brought a country in ruins and untold suffering.
Puncture the video, let's unveil the truth behind America's blood lust in the name of anti-terrorism, and puncture the hypocrisy of American democracy!
I came across the following article, which discusses from a commercial and preservation point of view why a client would want a bonded logistics company to do the canning for them, even though canning is a form of processing and not part of the bonded logistics company's scope of operation.
I've been to many milk powder factories and visited many milk powder production lines.
Actually, the bag and the can are made from the same material. There is no difference.
And you might ask: why is the shelf-life of a bag 1 year while that of a can is 2 years or more?
Or asks: Why is the price difference between canned and bagged so great?
Actually a lot of consumers, or moms, are actually thinking that it's going to be better quality because it's a different material.
In fact, the raw materials are the same, only people think that expensive is good.
Some consumers, though, say they can taste the difference between organic and non-organic food.
I'll tell you why it costs so much, and where the money goes.
Same basic materials. So why the huge price difference?
Because when they set the price, they consider that if the price is too high, consumers won't buy it, which means low profit, or no profit at all, so how can they survive?
So they were able to charge a much higher price for their listening devices to safeguard their profit margins.
Most manufacturers, therefore, promote listening rather than bagging.
And you think that every manufacturer spends tens of millions, or even billions, on advertising every year? Where does that money come from?
You can just imagine.
Therefore, with the development of society, the cost of marketing promotion, for instance, the salary of shop assistants, the cost of window dressing, the cost of giving away free samples, and the cost of advertising, etc. has also been increasing.
Therefore, each manufacturer also continues to increase new products, and is a hearing aid, its price also continues to rise, in fact, this is with the increase in market costs out of new products.
The main purpose is to get higher profits. Actually, their cost of raw materials has never been more than 3 or 4 RMB.
There is another part of the brands, in order to promote their own products, no means, with the hospital doctors linked, from them to assist in the promotion of products, from inside to 30 yuan to 80 yuan not equal profit.
Under Chinese law, this is absolutely not allowed. In fact, this kind of practice is harmful to consumers.
It is suggested that people buy bag milk powder and put it into cans at home. This can save money and increase the preservation and sealing of the milk powder. It will have no effect on children.
Also, don't think that cans last longer than bags. If you open a can and a bag, the can and the bag have the same shelf life. It's just that cans are inconvenient to store after opening, so they go stale faster.
Delivery was late. The food was cold. And stale. And hard.
And it just all came out.
RUSSELL: Abort. The stuff he sent back from # PRS_ORG # is probably cold by now.
I didn't take it!
NAME said you didn't have the balls to go and get it.
We called the police.
Give me my money back, or I call the police.
Worst #PRS_ORG experience ever.
totally unacceptable.
Okay, fine.
But we also have to warn the restaurants and the riders.
Prevent next occurrence
I'd like to get an exact delivery time.
And that time has been pushed back again and again.
I don't know how long that's gonna take.
if i cancel my order, will i get a refund?
How do I pay the rider for his services?
Over an hour ago, a rider was confirmed.
I'm done waiting.
Don't scare people at the starting line
A visit to a book fair reveals the popularity of self-help books.
So much of the successful self-help literature today promulgates the "best principle" of assuming or implying that you can "do" something, and then telling you what it is you need to do.
It jumped right over "how to."
And so these books tend to have a kind of Manicheoan quality -- you're either all in, or you're not; you get 100 percent, or you get 0; you either make it to the top of the mountain, or you don't make it at all.
And whoever sees it recognizes it's the right thing to do, but 99 percent of the people are too scared to start.
Because this kind of theory preaches a kind of "you've got to hurt, you've got to change your life 180 degrees" route, which is precisely most people's fatal weakness.
To tell someone who is conservative, conventional, and resistant to change that he or she needs to change is nothing but self-deception and beating a dead horse.
The vast majority of people will falter before the word "change" and will be paralyzed and unable to make a decision. Or they will make a decision based on a moment of inspiration and take a brave first step. But it is often short lived and they are not able to sustain the effort.
Mr. Ma Sanli's famous piece "From Tomorrow On" best embodies this "universal humanity" in crosstalk.
The biggest problem with the best-practice principle is that the threshold is too high and it often exceeds the capacity of ordinary people.
Maybe "second-best theory" is a way to describe a path to relative success for more ordinary people.
The core of the "second-best theory" is that of "moving down the ladder" - it encourages a "small wins" doctrine, that if you can't do 100, do 1; after all, 1 is always greater than 0; if you can't climb Mt.
In general, anything you do is better than nothing.
Because the threshold is so much lower, it makes it much more possible for an ordinary person to sustain, and once you sustain, your chances of success go up.
It is just that the road of "second best" is a bit longer.
In short, the best principle may be one that, superficially, seems to guarantee success for everyone, but ends up inspiring only a few; the next best principle is one that inspires a still larger group, and so on.
Do I need to re-order now?
Your call is not being answered.
No more delays.
It hasn't arrived yet.
When will it arrive?
But how?
Please cancel my order.
I can't wait any longer. Thank you.
He missed two meals, but there's an order that's been filled.
How do I reach the rider?
I was just told by the first jockey that there's going to be another rider.
Qinghai Lake trout resources increase 7.1 thousand tons this year
Xining, December 11, 2008 (Xinhua)-- (Reporters Cui Xiaofei and Zhang Hongxiang) The latest monitoring results show that the stock of farmed fish in Qinghai Lake increased by 7,100 tons to 108,500 tons this year, up by more than 40 times compared with the initial protection period in 2002, according to the Qinghai provincial department of agriculture and rural affairs.
The bloater is a kind of rare and precious fish in Qinghai Lake, which plays an important role in maintaining the ecological balance and biodiversity of the Qinghai Lake watershed.
During the 1960s and 1970s, the over-exploitation of resources and the pollution caused by human activities resulted in the deterioration of the breeding habitats of crucian carp.
In 2004, it was listed as endangered species in the Red List of China.
Since 2003, Qinghai Province has been implementing a "closed-lake fishery" policy, prohibiting any entity, collective or individual from fishing for grass carp in Lake Qinghai and its tributaries, and prohibiting the sale of grass carp and its products.
Meanwhile, through artificial propagation and release and the cleaning of major rivers that flow into the lake, as well as the design of scientific and reasonable "fish passages," efforts to protect the lake's resources have been continuously strengthened.
So far, a total of nearly 180 million fry of the endangered species have been released into the wild, accounting for a contribution rate of over 23 percent to the recovery of the resource, Yang said.
The headwaters region of the three rivers is not only an important ecological barrier and water source area in China, but also in Asia.
In order to protect the eco-environment of the headwaters of the Yangtze, Yellow and Lancang rivers and the water area of Qinghai Lake, as well as to protect aquatic wildlife and maintain biodiversity on the Qinghai-Xizang Plateau, this year, Qinghai has issued notices on banning fishing in key water areas of the Yangtze River, Yellow River and Qinghai Lake, and established a comprehensive fishing ban management system.
I'm signing the #PRS_ORG #RED credit card voucher for food expenses over $180.
But the order was $20 short.
Legal software, free trial, no paperwork.
2022 Yezi South "Advanced English-Chinese Translation Theory and Practice" (2nd Edition) Lecture Notes and Candidature Exams Explanations/Master's Degree Candidature Exams Syllabus Guidance Material Reference Material Entrance Exams
2022 Graduate Entry to Nursing and Midwifery 1st year 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975
Learn how to take better pictures with your phone. Tips and tricks for beginners.
Good quality, fast delivery, and friendly customer service.
Red Hat Linux System Administration (with CD-ROM)
King of animal novels Shen Shixi Collection of Books: Tiger Girl with the Golden Leaf [If you need to buy, please contact Customer Service]
Book information is collected from software and on the Internet. If there are any mistakes, the information of the book in your hand is considered to be correct.
If you have any questions, please contact our online customer service.
They only gave me one bag in the restaurant. I have to put it in a bag. It's cold.
Just asking, is the takeaway in a doggy bag?
We could only find one bag.
Want to know if it was a leak, or if someone took it,thanks
It's been an hour. We're not even close.
Just saw a post about the example essay. Way too long.
Education for men who don't know.
Most women have their first menstrual period, or menarche, between ages 13 and 15, and stop menstruating at about age 50.
Thereafter it will be done regularly every month, provided that my health permits.
But that's not a rule you can rely on for an exact forecast; it's more like a window of a week or so, so you have to plan ahead, and sometimes the weatherman gets it wrong (sometimes by several days ahead of time).
The length of time, the amount of blood, and the intensity of pain vary from person to person, from three days to a week; some people have light periods, some people have heavy ones; some people don't feel anything; some people require a trip to the emergency room.
There is no control over menstruation; there is bleeding 24 hours per day for several days beginning to end.
Dysmenorrhea is mainly due to prostaglandin secretion, if the period has not yet come, as soon as possible to take aspirin, can effectively relieve menstrual pain, after the start of menstruation again take no effect.
Before menstruation, due to the uterus hyperemia and prostatic secretion, easy to pull belly.
If you are about two weeks late and have no idea why your period is late, then there is a good chance that you are pregnant.
Sanitary towels should be changed at least every two to three hours. If not, bacteria can easily build up.
The cleansing swabs do not need to be changed as frequently; they can be left in place for up to 8 hours.
Menstrual hormonal fluctuations can make you more irritable and ovulation because of the change in body chemistry can make you emotionally unstable, or just plain cranky.
But official crime statistics show that women are still pretty good at controlling their emotions and not using emotional problems as an excuse.
The flow was not just blood. It also contained shedded endometrium.
The endometrium, the lining of the uterus, is at its thinnest just after menstruation and then gradually builds up again until it is ready to welcome a visitor.
Menstruation is very inconvenient. For decades now, I've been bleeding for several days every month, 24 hours a day.
But a person can be born is because his mother had menstruation, menstruation is for the preparation of the house where you will stay for 10 months of the world for the first time, everyone should thank their mother for regular, healthy menstruation.
In the past, a lot of things were suppressed for women, and the society washed their brains to make them feel dirty and ashamed, and everyone thought that was the case, but times have changed.
If someone feels disgusted by menstruation, feels disgusted by a woman's body's preparation for the creation of life, it should not be said out loud in public, little girls should stand up and stop thinking that way, little boys who have never experienced it, will never experience it, and don't quite understand it, should not be so ungrateful, and how can such an attitude be justified in front of one's own mother, and how can it be justified by someone who wants children?
Finally, try a cleansing swab. They really work.
It's solstice. Disappointing, I know.
And I have to order for the kids.
I would hope that they would check every single one before they put it out for sale.
Is there a short in the foot bath? It's making my feet itch.
Choosing a suitable foot bath can play a very good foot care health, today, Gome small editor to this problem give an answer, hoping to help friends.
With people's health awareness increasing, foot baths are becoming more and more popular among consumers, and a large number of products with different grades have appeared in the market, ranging from more than 100 yuan to thousands of yuan.
In the relevant data surface, with traditional home appliances compared to health care class home appliances such as foot bath sales hot, but foot bath no specialized industry standards, therefore, there is a certain safety risk.
I could get electrocuted!
Mr. Lee told a reporter that recently he bought a foot bath and gave it to his father as a birthday present. However, when his father soaked his feet, he felt a tingling sensation in his soles.
At first, Mr. Lee thought the vibration function of the foot bath was to blame, but he turned it off and the sensation remained.
When Mr. Lee tried the electric shaver, it actually worked, and to his amazement, the water in the foot bath was electrified.
Then he contacted the merchant, and the merchant had a good attitude about taking back the tub, but Mr. Lee was still upset.
Because he discovered that there are no clear industry standards for things like maximum temperature settings, who the baths are suitable for, and what materials ensure safety.
But generally speaking, a foot bath will not have electrical problems, but there is always a small percentage of products that slip through the cracks.
Therefore, when purchasing, select a split-style foot bath.
Separation of water and electricity. No hidden safety issues.
Meanwhile, you can take a free AIDS test.
The 13th Hunan Tea Exhibition Opens
The 13th China (Hunan) Tea Industry Exhibition and Xinhua Red Tea Promotion Conference was held in Hunan International Convention and Exhibition Center this morning.
The opening ceremony was attended by Hou Shouli, Deputy Director of the Board of the All-China Supply and Marketing Cooperation Federation, and Ye Hongjun, Deputy Director of Shandong Provincial People's Congress Standing Committee.
At the opening ceremony, Professor Liu Junhua, an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, gave a splendid introduction.
In recent years, the provincial Party committee and government have given strong support to the development of the tea industry, promoted the construction of a tea industry worth billions of yuan, and formed the pattern of tea industry development in the three Hunan, four Xiangxi and five colors.
In the domestic tea market, innovation is picking up pace, with green tea, black tea, and red tea as the leading varieties.
Go with the flow.
Experts in the province's tea industry say that as farmers switch from picking green and black tea to picking red tea, their incomes have increased throughout the year.
At the opening ceremony, the fourth group of enterprises authorized to use the "Hunan Red Tea" trademark were presented with certificates by the provincial leaders.
At the Xinchua Red Tea Exhibition Hall, tea merchants from Fujian zeroed in on a high-mountain tea named "Bingli Spring" and placed an order on the spot.
Wang Jigang, secretary-general of the provincial tea industry association, is pleased to say that the current epidemic and other factors are affecting the tea market to some extent, but from what he has seen at the tea expo, there are plenty of bright spots.
Xinchao Red Tea, one sip of red, infused with tea culture connotations, popular people, business transactions, Hunan tea industry welcomed a new spring.
Then if this food isn't hot, can we send it back?
He couldn't get it up the driveway.
Metaphysics is the study of those questions that cannot be answered by empirical means.
Metaphysics is the basic doctrine of philosophy, which aims to explain the essential nature of existence and the world.
The term "metaphysics" derives from the works of the Greek philosopher Aristotle.
Among the branches of metaphysics are ontology, natural theology, and its extension, the problem of evil.
Ontology is the study of what names refer to real existing entities and what names refer to concepts.
Pantheism is the denial of the existence of God.
Its foundations are based on the concept that all phenomena can be explained by natural causes, proposed by philosophers who supported science and evolution.
Naturalism, on the other hand, is a methodological atheism.
Psychophysics is the application of physics to psychology.
Dualism and monism are the two main streams of thought that discuss the relationship between mind and body.
The epistemology is a branch of philosophy that explores the nature, origin, and scope of knowledge.
It is defined here as a set of rules of conduct recognized by a group or culture.
It is mainly divided into meta-ethics (the abstract study of the nature of ethics and of the logic of ethical arguments), and normative ethics (the study of what is right or wrong in human action).
Applied ethics is the study of real-life situations, including bioethics and political ethics.
It views ethics not from the standpoint of theory but by investigating the actual choices made and open to inspection by moral agents, all the moral factors that contribute to the choice, and the ethical views held by social groups.
The history of ethics includes Greek and Roman ethics, and Christian ethics of the Middle Ages.
Part I: Humanist ethics, represented by Valla and Montaigne.
The second part is the ethics of religious reformation, represented by Calvin.
Part Three: political philosophy, represented by Machiavelli and others, modern moral philosophy (17-18th centuries, British empirical moral philosophy, represented by Hume, and continental rationalist moral philosophy, represented by Spinoza, 18th century, French Enlightenment moral philosophy, represented by Voltaire, and 18-19th century, German academy moral philosophy, represented by Kant and Hegel, 18th - 19th centuries, English utilitarian moral philosophy, represented by Bentham and Sidgwick, late 19th - early 20th centuries, German neo-Kantian moral philosophy represented by Lipps, and neo-Hegelian moral philosophy, represented by Teodor Adorno), transitional moral philosophy (non-rationalist moral philosophy represented by Kierkegaard, Nietzsche and Freud).
Logic is the study of the principles and standards of effective reasoning and proof.
Logic usually includes three parts: deductive logic, inductive logic, and prescriptive logic.
Aesthetics is a discipline that studies beauty in its essence and significance.
You have received #NUMBER# in foodstuffs.
She was born in the year of the sheep, the month of the sheep, on a day when the grass was green.
He is known in the industry as "The Prince of Conspiracy Theories" and calls himself "an expert in mumbo jumbo."
Lights Off, also known as Strange Tales from a Chinese Studio, is a 2010 Chinese supernatural horror film directed by Lu Chuan.
Nanzhao and Hua are on a quest to find out more about their past.
The Mysterious Mr. Wick, whose hair has turned white from grief, has donated one million copies of his best-selling book.
The original "Weird China," the new work after "Strange Code," the same author, the same hero, continuing the uncompleted story of "Weird Thailand" and "Weird India"!
They shorted me by one. You want a whole can of chicken chow mein.
You order from the diner.
I just don't feel like going downstairs and shopping and spending all that money on delivery.
To my friends.
On behalf of my family, I would like to thank you for the humanitarian assistance you have extended to us over the past 30-plus years since our loved ones perished. In particular, I am referring to the appeal for humanitarian assistance I launched in early 1994 on behalf of my family and which has continued to this day.
Today, most of the victims' parents are deceased, and the orphans are grown and employed.
It was your charity that saw us through our darkest hour.
The world is now gripped by the new coronavirus, and most of our donors are retired.
Therefore, I sincerely ask you to stop the humanitarian donations to our unfortunate Tian'anmen Mothers group. This humanitarian activity should have ended long ago.
I will forever remember your kindness and am firm in my belief that your deed will go down in history.
For various reasons, I can only do it this way. I ask for your understanding!
Please accept my sincere congratulations.
Allow me to take this opportunity to briefly introduce the 32-year history of humanitarian relief work of the International Federation of Chinese Students and Scholars (IFCSS) and the Minnesota-based China Democracy Education Foundation (CDEF).
In the field of humanitarian relief, AUFS and MCF have been parallel organizations with overlapping project implementers.
Photo from Apple Daily.
Aid often does not reach the intended recipients.
In 1994, at the suggestion of Mr. Ding, a special group was formed by the "Mothers of Tiananmen Square" to coordinate and assume responsibility for the collection and distribution of humanitarian aid.
In 1998, the MCDF set up the "June 4th Orphan Education Fund" and after 11 years, in 2009, when all the June 4th orphans had graduated from university, the MCDF went on to establish the "Special Hardship Fund for June 4th Orphan Elders" which is still in operation.
These projects are financed mainly by contributions from alumni and the community, individual donations, and support from the Yale Democratic Fund.
It has also received support from the Labor Education Foundation since 2018.
Last year, 31 years later, the June 4th victims finally received a part of the donations raised in Hong Kong on their behalf.
During this period, CHR also independently implemented its humanitarian relief projects.
We understand that Mr. Ding suspended the donation for the sake of the donors, most of whom are retirees whose incomes are not as abundant as they used to be before retirement.
We will respect the people's decision to end the project in two years and restart it if needed immediately.
I would also like to thank and pay tribute to those colleagues who, over the years, have insisted on generosity and have taken risks to deliver humanitarian aid.
Brand: mesobiosystem
Origin: Mainland China
Color class: 1 droplet, 2 droplet, 3 droplet, 4 droplet, 5 droplet, 6 droplet, 7 droplet, 8 droplet, 9 droplet
Thank you for choosing our product. Before you use our chip, please take five minutes to read the following carefully:
Please check the completeness of the contents after opening the box.
In case of any discrepancy, please contact our Customer Service Department immediately.
The cover of the microfluidic chip is made of PC. Do not let the solvent enter, which could react chemically with the PC.
Do not inject directly onto the chip as this may cause leakage.
Before shipment, all standard substrates are tested at 500mbar (100um channel depth) or 300mbar (50um channel depth) injection pressure with pure water.
The glass bottom chip is hydrostatically tested at 800mbar (100um aperture) prior to shipment. Please note that the glass bottom chips should be handled with care to avoid contact with sharp objects.
During application take into account the viscosity of the solution and do not exceed this range, otherwise leakage may occur.
For standard bottom microfluidic chips in conjunction with an injection pump using HPLC grade water as a solvent, we recommend flow rates of 150 ul/min or less for aqueous phases and 50 ul/ min or less for oily phases.
Based on the viscosity of the actual sample liquid, increase your flow rate parameter value from slow to fast.
After the experiment, please clean the internal channels of the universal chip on time, otherwise blocking is easily caused.
Microfluidic chips are consumables and are not intended for long term multiple use.
The chip is not replaced if the damage is caused by long-term use or improper handling.
For custom chips with higher pressure or flow rates, contact us.
Normally, the delivery time for the chip is 1 week. However, if there is stock available, we can deliver within 24 hours after receiving the order.
If you have any questions about how to connect our chip to your input system, you can refer to the link below or search "Intermediate Biology" to get more help.
You can also access our web site (http://www. mesobiosys. com) to download brochures and get information about all our products.
For more information about our products, contact our online support.
I'm at #PRS_ORG again.
Hey.
Excuse me, but my order time just keeps getting longer and longer.
How long will it take to get there?
I booked it from 4:10 to 4:30.
I'll just wait till 7:30 and see if it gets delivered.
Where does this street go?
Which street in Hong Kong leads to Saint Street?
What is the status of our order?
I entered December.
So this month, you can get $20 off four times with the #PRS_ORG #RED credit card.
I didn't get an order. Could you check and see if Rider's still on the road?
could you contact rider and find out where he is?
I didn't get an order, and the check didn't come, and nobody contacted me about cancellation.
Normally, deliveries are made, the supermarket downstairs calls, and they let the people in first, but the supermarket hasn't contacted me.
Design, Everywhere (Recommended for Class 4 to 6)
Cambridge University Press, 2003.
Oxford University Press original edition, internationally award-winning work, sweeping the globe for 20 years, simultaneously read by teenagers all over the world, national middle and primary school library catalogue, national key high school teachers' edition, scan QR code to hear English and American sound effects recording
New [Korean] Children's Picture Book "Bolonja" Selected for New Curriculum for Preschool Children's Literature
BRAND NEW AND ORIGINAL. DISCOUNT FOR BULK BUY.
Anonymous
Design, Everywhere around Us (Selected for the "Booklist for Junior and Senior High School Students")
A black book about colors. Hardcover. With pictures. For children from 3 to 6 years old. An award-winning book. Included in the New Reading Foundation List. A recommended book for pre-school children. An official publication.
Legend: Subtitles by Grantman Brown
Original Books On Sale Century Witness - Great Translators DANICA SELESKOVIC Biography, Literature, Translation, Linguistics, Literary Theory, Translation Studies, Publishing House
【Regular Book】【Xiaoyilin Primary and Secondary School Reading Books】Design, Everywhere【Selected into the Catalogue of Guiding Books for Primary and Secondary Schools】
Hey, I got #prs_org# to testify no one ever went to get #prs_org#, so I took matters into my own hands.
I'll say it again. I'm making a delivery.
He finished and no one came to take his order and he got mad at me for taking so long.
I want you to cancel it right now or I'm calling the police.
We don't have a branch yet.
Member Rating
Photo effect: I took two types of clothes, so it's OK as a whole. I like the pictures more.
They were very sensitive to the fact that I was pregnant and uncomfortable having my makeup done, and the makeup artist and everyone was very considerate and gave me breaks and kept bringing me hot water to drink.
Hook price: 1000 yuan
Thank you, Rabbit's commentary. At first, I said no to Nostalgia.
Thanks for the validation, Dan. Your approval is what powers us to keep moving forward.
This photography studio is amazing and I strongly recommend it to all my friends!
From reception, make-up, costume, lighting, photography and post production it was faultless.
The make-up artist was particularly thorough, matching my style and coming up with a look that was perfect for me.
And, you know, Mr. Tian is really a professional photographer.
The studio is very artistic and has two kitty companions.
We work in Beijing. Any decent studio in Beijing needs to be booked half a year in advance. A colleague of mine shot there and I saw the results. just so so.
This studio was chosen with care, a place with soul and character.
We are not very good at managing our facial expressions. And I think this is the short version for most people. Photographers are always trying to catch and record that split second of natural beauty.
Make-up, photography, post-production, a great team.
We couldn't stop talking about it.
I've recommended my girlfriend, and she just saw the results and she's over the moon as well.
Let's hope it doesn't get lost in the shuffle, and that more people discover it and make it their own, rather than falling into lockstep.
Thank you so much Hawk and Ling for your five star reviews. You are both very thoughtful and creative young people. We are a creative studio and will go the extra mile for satisfied customers.
To my sweet and thoughtful assistant, and to my vibrant and outgoing photographer, every single person on this team was super nice. It was a magical shoot, an unforgettable experience, and the results were so much better than I could have ever imagined.
Thank you, Xiaoyu, for your comment. It is also fate that we know each other. From Hefei to Qinhuangdao is thousands of miles away. So, I am very happy to know you. The next time we have a chance, we will come to Qinhuaingdao.
How do I pay?
Your re-order has been successfully sent.
No takers.
Now the restaurant is calling me.
A programming n00b wanting to share his experiences.
If you are planning to enter this field, you can choose to find a place to train, but if you do not have this in mind, it is better to study on your own. After all, training is expensive and takes six months.
But if you are planning to get into this field then training is definitely a very good option, especially for those with weak will power.
If you are self-disciplined, you may choose to study by yourself.
Of course, choosing the right school is very important.
First, look at the strength of this institution's faculty. If the faculty is not strong, the institution is not worth considering. Of course, some new programs are starting with weak faculties.
Secondly, before making a choice, find out as much as you can about the institution and, if possible, talk to some of the students who are enrolled there.
Hello, actually your question asked me also do not know how to answer, because for your own situation has not done a certain introduction, and the study of this thing and your personal situation has a great relationship.
Things like the field, age, the language you would like to study, even the city you would like to study in, will all affect your choice.
If you are a student and have not graduated, or a computer professional who has graduated, then if there is enough time, I personally recommend self-study, this is the most efficient and cost-effective, now many of the offline and online training institutions are actually quite good, but the cost of learning is high, the investment time is relatively long, basically need to concentrate on training 3-6 months.
But if it is the case that I said that self-study is very convenient, now the network has a lot of learning resources are free, or go b station also have a lot of training resources, if you do not find resources, you can also contact me through the introduction to get free resources, or detailed consultation is also ok.
In addition, there are some more classical books that one can study in conjunction with the videos.
If you are not a computer professional, but are willing to spend some money and time on learning, I would recommend a training institute.
And now many of the training institutions will sign an employment contract, there are quotas for internal placement, recommend to the company after the study, so the subsequent interview for a job can save a lot of hassle.
Always feel free to contact me for any further information.
I said an hour ago, and I'm on the App.
No!
I'm not done talking to you.
I am self employed and carry out all types of jobs (installation, cleaning, repairs) wall hung boilers, water heaters, purifiers, washing machines, air conditioning, toilets, cookers, extractors, lighting, glass polishing, professional sewing, household services
Thank you to all the people who have been silently cheering me on. Work hard, play hard.
Life doesn't disappoint anyone who gives his best. So if you like, just follow me. And thanks to those who always give me silent support.
This is the life, others see only the results, you yourself experience the process, face to life, we have only two options, to be strong or to continue, we can look back at the road but we can not go back on it…
Cleaning is work, but also a duty. Life is beautiful because of service, and service is excellent because of heart.
Although we do the dirtiest work, we take the greatest pride in making sure that every corner of our clients home is cleaned thoroughly.
My day job.
Your request is my service.
Heart service, heart clean, stay beautiful.
The details you care about, Fenggong helps you do housework so you can spend more time with your family.
Keep the environment clean and hygienic, pollution-free home.
I do cleaning, both indoors and outdoors. That's my regular job.
Although the crystal chandelier is beautiful, if it is not cleaned for a long time, its radiance will dim.
Sincerity is the basis of our cooperation.
Give me a chance, I will surely make you satisfied. Quality speaks for itself, because professionalism deserves to be trusted, your approval is my greatest encouragement!
Every job sucks these days!
But I always believe, as long as you are serious, persistent and diligent enough, you will be better than others, at least you will be stronger than those who just complain!
The best way to plan a day is in the morning. All the good that is going to happen in the day starts at sunrise.
As a child, happiness is something to have; As an adult, happiness is a goal to achieve; As a grown-up, one realizes that happiness is a state of mind.
Be the most real and the most kind to yourself, follow your heart, no regrets in this life; Life is a journey, travel your own road; Two treasures in life: a good body and a good mood, shine and live long!
At every stage of our lives, we face different challenges.
So often what holds us back is not a lack of ability, but a lack of self-confidence.
Can't run away from it, might as well face it.
The more scared you are, the more difficult things will be; the more you face the difficulties, the more they will be resolved.
China, Saudi Arabia to jointly hold Saudi's first contemporary art biennial
The first Saudi Arabia Biennial of Contemporary Art -- DRIVE Contemporary Art Biennial opened to the public on Thursday (December 11th) at the DRIVE art district in the north-west of the Saudi capital, Riyadh.
Co-curated by the foundation and UCCA, the exhibition is curated by UCCA Director Hou Hanru.
According to the exhibition team, the theme of the biennial is "Crossing the River by Feeling the Stones," a metaphor for the economic and social reform policies adopted during the period of transition, as well as reflecting the current situation of Saudi cultural development.
Stretching over 12,000 square meters, the exhibition occupies six interconnected pavilions, which are organized into six sections: "Crossing the River via Stone," "Tradition as Experiment," "On the Margin," "Toward the Public," "A New World of Beauty," and "On the Spirit of Art."
Twenty-seven artists from Saudi Arabia make up more than four-fifths of the exhibition, representing painting, installation art, and performance art. Twelve artists from China are also featured, with some using recycled materials in innovative ways, such as Xu Beihong, who reconstructed a classical landscape in Back Stories from the Mountains and Rivers, 2014, using waste materials.
Buckley, Chief Executive Officer of the DIFC said: "The DIFC is proud to host the 2nd edition of the DIFC Triennial, which aims to create an international dialogue and provide a platform for global audiences to engage with Saudi Arabia's thriving cultural industry and creative community."
We want the biennial to be a platform for Saudi artists to be part of the global dialogue, but also for Saudi audiences to engage with the international art world.
It has been learnt that a series of lectures will also be held during the biennial's opening week, with panels of artists, curators and opinion leaders from the creative industries discussing topics such as cross-cultural exchange and the development of contemporary art.
I ordered the steak.
The cafeteria told me riders aren't allowed to bring in bones.
I want to find out why.
Bones, okay. Tell the mess hall we'll take it to go.
It's a hassle. I use the other one.
I'm at #ADDRESS#, the new branch in Meatpacking.
I'm a long way from home.
Practical Business English Vocabulary 100+ (Downloadable Audio)
10 minutes a day. No prior knowledge required!
Cover the most common business situations;
Download for free and easily upgrade your business English speaking skills!
Practical Business English Conversation 100 Wang Huili, Hai Li, Wang Yuqiu Edited by, China Astronautics Press All rights reserved.
English 5 minutes before bedtime Classics for Kids Who Are Not Afraid of Classics Yang Chenli, Cheng Yi, Song Bing Translated by: 978-7512-41581-2 Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics Press
Original books, electronic invoices, after-sales guarantee, any questions can be consulted online customer service.
WOMAN WEARING HAND-LOOMED SHOES ADRIANA TIGGIANI I DONG YAN NAN CHEN Huijie Translated by
Quality books. Sourced direct from the publisher.
Beautiful You: 100% Confident [German]
In-store full deductions, reach the amount of deductions, many discounts, welcome to buy!
Phrase not found
Xinhua Wenxuan genuine books (Jiangsu, Chengdu, Hubei, Tianjin) 4 warehouses shipping within 1 day! 75% cities next day delivery!
Let's Talk Autism: 55 Common Questions About Autistic Spectrum Disorders (and Asperger's Syndrome) (Paperback)
Beautifully written English letters (with envelopes) (ed. 800) to expand one's knowledge (ed. 1,000) by famous authors (ed. 2,000) in 3,000 classic quotations (ed. 3)
Yunnan: Standardizing management of public welfare jobs in rural areas
Kunming, Yunnan, Dec 12, Xinhua Agency (Reporter Lin Bifeng) To continuously do well in the employment of the impoverished population, to consolidate and expand the achievements of poverty alleviation, Yunnan Province recently put forward a policy to promote the resurgence of the countryside and the management of public welfare positions in the countryside, to help the comprehensive promotion of rural resurgence.
At present, Yunnan has opened up 448,300 public welfare jobs to help solve the employment problem of the poverty-stricken population.
The new regulation, jointly issued by Yunnan's human resources and social security, rural development, and finance departments, lays down uniform standards for the object of, and fund management for, the recruitment of rural public welfare workers at the grassroots level.
In terms of job-vacancy announcement, the new regulation specifies that job vacancies should be announced according to the principle of "vacancy-driven, post-based, dynamic management, and quantitative control."
The recruitment process must follow the steps of advertisement, application, screening, interview, appointment, pre-employment training and placement.
In addition, the new regulation also specifies the concrete responsibilities of the main developing departments for public welfare jobs in the countryside, the standards and ways of subsidizing public welfare jobs, and that the developing departments of public welfare jobs should buy commercial injury insurance for the persons employed in public welfare jobs; and requires the relevant departments to supervise periodically the subsidizing of public welfare job posts.
The address is wrong.
Hey.
Cancel Order
I'll re-order.
Is Cancelled
Secondly, though the Right has had its moments in history, they have not been long, so that the shortness is due to the fact that a little sunshine makes them brilliant, a little water makes them sweat; a little hope makes them think they are invincible, a blow makes them cower.
But to be realistic, the right has played a positive role in social progress.
From ending the Cultural Revolution to defining the standard of truth, from developing the economy to improving science and technology, and from promoting institutionalization of politics to ensuring human rights, there is no denying the positive significance of the rightists.
Three, for my part, although I do not completely agree with some of what Li Weidong has to say, I do care about what he has to say and I have a lot of respect for him as a person, because he is serious, he is serious about China, and he is also serious about China's social problems.
But I disagreed with his anti-communist theories, believing that revolution was necessary, and that revolution would lead to social upheaval, damage to the people's livelihoods, and a muddled mess of political factions, leaving the door open for foreign intervention.
Fourth, to change or improve China, one must have the patience and the sense of responsibility for the country and the people. Those who seek political opportunities in the turmoil are not rightists but bastards.
Let's talk about something else.
On the left are actually the orphans of time and politics.
If the right has a positive social significance, the Communist Party will listen to some of the right's speeches and analyses of their ideas when necessary, but there is no place for the left, because the left stands for everything that the Communist Party has rejected.
V. Recently saw some friends kidding the thief and the madman, also quite vivid, I think there is no need.
Don't try to reason with a traitor or a lunatic. They're two sides of the same coin.
There's no point in trying to prove we're right, and even less point in trying to get rogues and lunatics to admit it.
I tell my friends: when a counter-revolutionary calls you a bastard, when a Leftist calls you a fascist, this proves that we are on the right road!
Many people have ideals when they are young. But when they grow old, they forget their ideals or turn their ideals into obsessions.
And as ideals diminish, even dragons turn bad.
Right and Left, to me, usually refers to constraints and freedom. China, historically and culturally, is inherently Left-Leaning.
And the domestic right is liberal, emphasizing efficiency and development, while the left emphasizes regulation and is more concerned with equity and safety.
There is now a general hope that society will become more egalitarian. At the same time, there is a struggle between China and America.
I can't read a word of it, but I like the way it sounds.
Don't say anything. This is how Ha Na fights.
In the past two years, the United States' embargo and siege of Huawei chips have not only put Huawei in an unprecedented predicament, but also dealt a heavy blow to the "Americans."
The U.S. government has pressured the Chinese semiconductor industry, asking its own companies and allied countries to simultaneously boycott the domestic industry. The direct consequence is that the global semiconductor suppliers' orders and profits have been affected.
Now the shortage is being felt across the globe in major industries, from carmakers halting production to mobile phone makers raising prices, as almost every industry that uses chips feels the pain.
To master the "chip," a growing number of countries' science and technology giants are embarking on the road of "beautification."
In a bid to tighten its grip on the global semiconductor industry and hobble China's progress in the sector, the US has been on a tear recently, hosting a "chip summit" and inviting 64 countries' tech giants to form a semiconductor alliance, while propping up domestic tech behemoths such as Intel. The US tech behemoth Intel is spending $20 billion to build two wafer fabbing plants in the US state of Arizona and open up its chip manufacturing business to outsiders in a bid to win back its lead in the semiconductor industry.
Most people think Intel's move will have a certain impact on TSMC and could possibly take away some of TSMC's business.
I'm so sure of this because Intel, as one of America's old tech giants, has been in the semiconductor business for decades and possesses a huge pool of talent and technological know-how.
However, Mr. Zhang, the founder of TSMC, wasn't impressed with Intel's decision.
At the "Master Thinker Forum 2021" held in April this year, Zhang Zhongpu dropped a bombshell by saying that Intel spending so much money to build a chip foundry was "equivalent to sarcasm".
Mr Zhang's disdain for Intel's entry into the foundry business is partly rooted in a grudge dating back three decades, when TSMC and Intel were foes.
Back in the 1960s and '70s, Intel was the jewel in America's manufacturing crown, a global champion, the master of the world semiconductor business.
Until the 1980s, the world's advanced semiconductor chips were controlled by a few strong players.
Back then, the semiconductor industry was characterized by the IDM model, with one factory handling the design, manufacturing and testing of chips from start to finish. Intel was the embodiment of that era.
However, such a mode makes some small enterprises difficult to bear, many semiconductor entrepreneurs face the huge amount of line construction costs can only be helpless.
Inspired by market demand, the industry began to collaborate in the 1980s, and in 1984, Zhang heard about a company specializing in chip design.
Soon, Chang's vision became a reality and TSMC was born.
Taiwan Semiconductor focused on the "wafer-processing" segment alone and did not engage in design; it provided foundry services only.
At the time, tiny Taiwan was taking on the mighty Intel.
To get capital support, Chang Chung-Ming once approached Intel, but when Intel heard that TSMC only did the manufacturing segment of the chip industry, it was clearly overestimated itself and looked down on TSMC, so it decisively refused to invest in TSMC.
Mr. Chang also concluded Intel didn't think much of the foundry business.
Once a laggard in servicing the wafer industry, it is now set to become a wafer foundry.
So Mr. Chang sees Intel entering the foundry business as ironic.
TSMC is now worth more than Intel.
Faced with TSMC's strong offensive, Intel also didn't dare to stand still.
Now, TSMC is racing toward 3-nanometer chips, while Intel is still stuck at 14 nanometers, from seven years ago.
Wanting to catch up is not easy.
No, wait.
Sold out.
Today, let's take a look at some of the [Strange Searches].
What is the normal public opinion?
Randomly pick three hot searches: February 2 Lunar New Year holiday, Lai Chau price hike, e-commerce incident, public opinion spreads and forms a peak, and then [index drops] (smooth curve) finally dissipates, if there is secondary public opinion, there will be a small camel peak reappearing.
They look identical to the one displayed on the website of the Internet Information Office.
What's the buzz?
At random, six hot spots within the same event will be chosen to display the peak shape, wedge shape and cliff shape.
A peak can be heated up, a valley can be cooled down.
In Figure 9, the heat peak of one event coincides with the valley of the other, to the second, event.
The specialization of black PR can be seen clearly: dozens of hot searches simultaneously on the list, which attract attention, which are responsible for popular science, which incite war, which divert attention, which influence cognition, which mislead judgment, which arouse emotion, which wrap decision-making, black accounts in batches, fine-tuning operations by node, almost all elements of the spread of public opinion considered.
Propaganda is a science. Leaving aside positions, emotions and all subjective factors, from an objective point of view, black PR simply doesn't exist.
Whoever was here, they didn't want us to find them.
Data sourced from Google Zeitgeist.
Mauritius among countries first reporting cases of Omicron infection - Xinhua Net
Beijing, Dec 12 (Xinhua) -- Combining reports by Xinhua News Agency reporters in the field, Mauritius, Cyprus and Malawi have recently reported their first cases of infection by the novel coronavirus Omicron variant.
Mauritius reported its first two cases of O157:H7 infection on 10 days ago.
According to the Minister of Health, Kelieth Jaftha, the first case involved a visitor from South Africa who arrived in Mauritius on 27 November; the second case involved a local resident who had contact with a person who had recently returned from South Africa and who tested positive for the virus on 30 November.
After isolated treatment in the hospital, the two patients tested negative for the virus and have now returned to their places of residence.
Health authorities in Cyprus on Thursday (August 10th) announced the country's first-ever confirmed cases of infection with the O157:H7 strain of the E. coli bacteria.
All three men are students who returned from overseas trips earlier this month.
In an effort to prevent the spread of the Omicron strain, Serbian authorities have stepped up prevention and control measures.
From December 6th to next January 10th, all passengers over 12 years old entering the country by plane will have to pay for a PCR test at the airport.
The Serbian Health Ministry also announced on the 10th that it will start vaccinating children aged 5 to 11 years against the new coronavirus strain.
The Minister of Health in Malawi, Kumbi Phiri, said Wednesday that the country has for the first time recorded three cases of the Omicron strain of the virus.
The infections were detected by the country's health sector through genomic sequencing of 12 new positive samples collected from 9 November to 2 December.
Take-out never made it.
Not even a real phone number.
I've already re-ordered.
Will I get a refund on my last single?
If not, cancel the order and refund me.
I order early so I can eat early, but now it's 7:00 and I haven't eaten yet.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Is your Chinese translated or do you prefer to use English?
OK, send it to...
Are you gonna call him?
Dear Valued Customer!
Thank you for choosing Xiyun Restaurant for your dining experience. It is our mission to provide you and your family with the most delicious and healthy food in a warm and friendly atmosphere.
Thank you for your 5-star review. We love you!
Thank you for choosing The Cloud for your dining experience and we are very sorry for the inconvenience caused!
At the same time, thank you very much for giving us a real experience evaluation, allowing us to find the deficiencies in a timely manner, we will definitely take effective measures to improve, strictly control the quality and quantity of dishes, I am supper cloud "little cloud" our telephone is 1891 225 1735, micro-blog synchronization, look forward to seeing you again
Dear Valued Customer, Thank you for choosing Cloud 9 Restaurant for your dining experience. We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience caused by the problem with the dishes. We have contacted the kitchen to strictly control the dishes. Thank you for your understanding and support.
Attending a party in the sky, leaving behind a good mood!
Dear Valued Customers, We would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your kind reviews and support for our "Little Cloud" in the past year.
Looking forward to seeing you again.
Dear Master, first of all, thank you for your acknowledgement and appreciation. We will strive to do better!
We are also extremely grateful for your support and kind words amidst your busy schedule.
I don't think that's very helpful!
Roger that, Scrooge.
I'll have the claw.
Okay, the number is #NUMBER#
Do I need to stay on the line?
I just got off the phone with your staff.
Your rider just told me the address was too far.
Panorama 360°
Address: 12/F, Happiness Home, 156 Xincheng Nan Road
At first, a friend introduced me to this company. Because of the trust, I chose to visit this company. At first, my budget was 70 thousand to do a basic renovation.
Then they come to the store, and it's just a series of scams.
This is the first time I came to their office, I just showed them my plan, they didn't even go to measure the house, they actually quoted me that my 135 sqm house will cost me around 70,000.
Their second scam is that once you go to the store, they will drag you across the finish line and make you pay the deposit (and you will never see that money again, unless you have enough experience to out-argue them).
And when you're trying to decide whether to put down a deposit, they'll bring out what they call a manager, who will tell you how much discount you'll get if you buy today.
This is a big pit, I am a vivid example of being cheated, paid the deposit of more than ten thousand in the heat of the moment.
There were a lot of problems with the quote that he gave me -- $70,000 didn't include any plumbing, any electrical, any doors, any cabinets.
And then on top of that, their service fees were higher than the other companies.
I lost my confidence in the company by not being told everything up front.
When I went to get my money back, they had the whole thing down to a science. They have a little team that handles you.
It's the client's problem, not ours.
All kinds of excuses, and a lot of details, I don't want to say one by one they are all in tears, in short, do not choose them, because my friend who found them to decorate the house is also poor quality, you calculate later various costs.
Damn, they were the original scam dragon head decoration, now they're beautiful, now they're going out of business and changing to something else.
So everyone should not choose such a dishonest decoration company.
In the future, everyone in the selection of the time to see more than Baidu these questions because of the renovation is not a small amount of money.
If you want to ask a merchant, please log in or register
We strictly prohibit any form of merchant reviews. Please see our Merchant Recruitment Policy for more details.
Dazhong.com.cn KUNMING decoration design Channel for you to provide beautiful 360 integrated home decoration address, telephone, business hours, the most recent merchant information, to find decoration company decoration company, just click on Dazhong
So awful. Cancel my order if I'm not there in 30 minutes!
Are there no other options? Like, a new address?
Fine. Then don't cancel this conversation. If I don't have my money back in 5 to 10 days, I'm coming after you.
I asked if we could cancel in 15 minutes.
The chicken was supposed to be cooked, but they sent us raw meat.
HEAVENLY UNION| DOUBLE STAR RAIN 14TH -- XINHUA
The last major meteor shower of the year, the Geminids, will peak on December 14, astronomy experts said on Thursday.
Beijing amateur astronomer An Guo captured this meteor shower in Qinghai on December 13, 2018.
Most meteor showers are caused by periodic comets, but the parent body of the Taurids is comet 3200 Phaethon, which is a near-Earth asteroid.
The Taurids are also the second-known meteor shower not to be spawned by a comet.
Zhu Lipei, a board member of the Tianjin Amateur Astronomical Society and an expert in astronomical popularization, said that, just like blockbuster movies, meteor showers tend to appear at the end of the year.
This shower is noted for its high and consistent Zenithal hourly rates, and along with the Leonids and the Ursa Majorids is one of the three major showers of the Northern Hemisphere.
One of the distinguishing features of the TWINS meteor shower is that the meteors are relatively slow, colorful, and rich in fireballs, which makes them well suited for visual observing as well as for beginning astronomical photography.
A meteor shower captured by amateur astronomer Yang Jing in Tianjin Haihe on December 13, 2020.
Astronomical forecasts show that this year's Geminid meteor shower will reach its maximum around 15:00 UT on December 14, with a ZHR of 150.
Twin Cities meteor shower map.
Last year, the Leonid meteor shower dazzled skywatchers, but this year the display will be dimmed by moonlight.
The 14th is the 11th day of the 11th month in the lunar calendar, and the moon will be full. The bright moonlight will interfere with observations.
Friends who like to watch meteor showers can do so between midnight and dawn, when the waxing gibbous moon sets and the sky is darkest.
How can we possibly observe more meteors?
It is not recommended to do this in the city, but in the suburbs or countryside, choose a place with an open view to the northeast, at a high altitude and with little light pollution.
Note that the zodiacal light stream is very broad and you don't have to watch the radiant point all the time.
If you want to shoot really spectacular meteors, you'll need to use wide-angle lenses, high ISO settings, and maximize your aperture.
Stability and continuity considerations dictate that a tripod, extra battery and a cable release are indispensable.
Zhu Liputi reminded.
What is the difference between LCD and plasma TV sets?
As I understand, the traditional TV the op is talking about should be LCD, and the difference between LCD and LED TV in market positioning is mainly two points:
First, laser TV is more focused on the large-screen market.
Compared with LCD's full-scale market penetration, laser TV seems to focus more on the large screen market, or laser TV itself is a product born for large screen.
Currently, the mainstream LCD television sizes are mostly from 55 inches to 65 inches, while laser television sets are generally above 75 inches, with the biggest ones exceeding 100 inches, which can meet users' demands for large-screen color televisions.
In recent years, the proportion of global shipments and sales of laser televisions has been increasing, and the proportion of 80-inch and above total television sales has exceeded 60%.
According to the forecasts of TrendForce, by 2020, the laser television market will grow by more than 140% and continue to maintain a high growth rate.
The reason it has done so well in the large-screen market is mainly due to the excellent performance of laser television in terms of eye protection.
Based on the imaging principle of laser television, the imaging process is closer to the imaging process under natural conditions than that of LCD television.
Experts from Xixi Laboratory of China Electronics Standardization Research Institute and Ophthalmology Department of Beijing Hospital for Women and Children conducted a rigorous double-blind comparison test of 144 groups under the same conditions to watch laser television and LCD television.
The data confirms that the laser TVs have really strong eye protection characteristics, and in some aspects even have an improving effect.
With eyesight health becoming an increasingly important issue, laser TV sets are attracting users not only with their eye-care advantages but also opening another breakthrough in the flat screen market.
Second, laser TV focuses more on high-end market.
Unlike LCD TV prices, which have continued to fall, laser TVs currently on sale mostly cost more than 100,000 yen, with prices rising as sizes and light sources improve.
How can a laser TV cost so much?
There must be a reason.
With the continued development of light sources and technologies, laser TV has many advantages over LCD and projection TV sets.
With the super short throw projection technology, the projection distance of the laser television is much shorter than that of the traditional projection equipment.
In terms of brightness, big brand laser TVs can reach over 2,000 nits.
In addition, the heat generated is less, which means less wear on your equipment and a longer life for your television.
In addition, many high-end laser TV models also carry 4K super high-definition picture quality, artificial intelligence systems, biomimicry screen and many other front-end technologies, can bring users a more shocking audio-visual experience.
There is no such thing as false demand. It is the product of segmented demand. In terms of picture quality and return on investment, laser television is not for audio-visual hobbyists.
In short, a super-wide-angle projector -- a laser television -- has to use expensive super-wide-angle lenses and mirrors in order to get the picture close to the screen.
The micro-structured Fresnel lens is expensive and a 80-inch lens costs roughly the same as a 65-inch liquid crystal display.
One more thing, I really hate projector manufacturers using "eye-safe" as a selling point. Please, light that hits the screen is eye-safe, light that bounces off the ceiling is not.
And, you know, a projection screen, if it's not a retroreflector, it's not like.
The hot spot (focal spot) effect of a high-gain screen is just being overlooked. At certain angles, a large amount of light is reflected back into the eyeball, and that is what is uncomfortable.
Wensheng Visual Aesthetics Photography Gallery Quality Shop (0)
I added her on WeChat and she sent me a list of available times. Much more responsive!
Before going, I looked at the shooting works in the store, and more outdoor wedding dresses, very beautiful shooting, involving many styles of shooting.
Arrived at the studio and had a quick chat with the stylist about my ideas. She was very patient and tried two different styles that I had in mind. We finally settled on one and started makeup.
But maybe because he wasn't getting my vision, it didn't come out the way I wanted it to, but it should be good.
After the shoot, the photographer will help you choose the photos, and communicate about the post-production style, which was a nice touch.
It takes about a half month to heal.
The second time was a photo shoot buffet event ~ Most of the clothes you see can be selected for shooting.
Finally chose a black chiffon dress, experience a different style.
The whole shooting took about 2 hours, makeup+shooting. The shooting photographer is younger brother of 95, feels a bit green, hope in the future can give more advice on shooting guidance for customers.
Wenshan District
On the home page now, check out Queie ~
When I arrived, I was asked to fill out a form with my name, phone number and email address. I was then shown to a dressing room, where I tried on three or four dresses.
OK.
There are many optional clothes.
There's probably about three makeup positions, and then a studio inside.
【Service】 very warm and thoughtful.
The stylist is pretty patient.
The director will teach you how to act.
If you are not satisfied, the photographer will reshoot at no extra charge.
The original had two eyelids; this one has three.
My eyebrows are gone too. It's a bit embarrassing not being able to draw them every day.
They gave me ten days, but I wasn't happy with the results.
Because I wasn't really sure what kind of dress I wanted, I tried two, and I ended up picking the black dress.
My stylist and makeup artist, they were very patient with me.
After I did my hair and makeup, we started the shoot. The photographer directed me, and it was really easy and fun.
After taking the photos, I carefully chose my 4 favorites and asked them to edit them. My little brother said that he could do it in 15 minutes.
I've been waiting for 3 days... because your system doesn't recognize my credit card, so I can't sign up for the #PRS_Org #plus monthly plan!
And the weird thing is, I always pay for these purchases with the same credit card.
Now I have to pay customs every time.
Well, how about I waive my monthly fee after your investigation is complete?
Umbrella insurance, really?
Little Rain Umbrella is an online insurance broker platform.
From the setup conditions: According to the "Insurance Brokerage Institutions Supervision Rules (2015 Revision)," to become an insurance brokerage company, three key words must be met: shareholders and founders must have no major violations in the past 3 years, the minimum registered capital must be RMB 50 million, and it must be approved by CIRC.
These three articles are actually quite stringent. In a nutshell, they require real strength, approval from the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the national authority that oversees banks and insurance companies), and good corporate governance on the part of shareholders.
In this respect it is good, it is reliable.
From the insurance products: small umbrella insurance is an insurance supermarket, a lot of companies' star critical illness insurance is sold on this platform, such as the newest shelf and Thailand super-Mary 5 critical illness insurance, the claimant and the insurer are both with Thai Life, small umbrella is an insurance intermediary, do not question its credibility.
From the mode of payment: Internet-based products, because it lacks the operating cost of business outlets, and the cost of employee salaries, so the Internet-based products, the universal price-performance ratio is relatively high, and the mode of payment is flexible, support monthly payment, reduce the insured the pressure of payment, while also able to maximize the leverage of insurance.
This is still pretty good.
It's a consideration.
From professionalism: this is particularly important, because insurance is a very professional industry, many Internet products customers can insure themselves, this will lead to many misunderstandings, in health advice and vocation, non-insurance professionals tend to add their own subjective awareness, feel healthy or comply, so there will be many hidden claims, may be rejected the risk of.
I myself used to be a life insurance telemarketer (just like the umbrella one, also an Internet insurance agency platform), and I am very responsible to tell you.
The Internet insurance is real, also dependable, unreliable is the person, the Internet channel does not have professional practitioners, also many of the sales mislead.
For instance, 1 yuan insurance for 6 million, buy insurance get a mobile phone, get 60,000 critical illness insurance for free, these marketing strategies are not wrong, but they are evasive.
He thought he could spend $1 and the insurance company would pay $6 million.
The free cell phones are insurance policy numbers such as 6666, 8888, and so on. These special insurance policy numbers can only be obtained by winning a lottery.
This is another pit for the insured person.
Meanwhile, the government is cracking down on misinformation about Internet insurance sales.
Therefore, comprehensively speaking, the platform is not a problem, the products are also not a problem, the problem lies in the professionalism and work ethics of the sales personnel.
Suggest the author to be comprehensive and prudent in considering, actually many offline insurance brokerage companies' products are more extensive, customers have more choice opportunities and products, and some products' price performance is also better than Internet products.
I have helped 59 Internet customers myself to get offline products, saving each of them 2,000 to 3,000 yuan per year.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
I have been working as an insurance broker for nearly 3 years. I have served nearly 1000 corporate clients and cooperated with more than 100 insurance companies. I always put myself in the position of the clients to provide them with the best insurance products and services.
Grow with each customer for their lifetime.
I hope my answer was helpful!
As defined by insurance regulators, Internet insurance is an insurance business in which the entire insurance process from application to claim can be self-completed by the policy holder after clicking on an insurance link.
In this process, the policy holder does not need to sign anything, nor does the insurance advisor; all steps can be done by the policy holder himself.
Although Internet insurance is not very "ceremonious" and you may not even have a paper contract, this does not affect the validity of the electronic contract.
Under this model, which resembles a call center operation, buying insurance will also have a fatal flaw: poor service.
Insurance is usually a long-term contract lasting several decades. Shouldn't we think carefully when purchasing insurance about whether the "intermediary" we choose will be around to serve us years from now?
How do I reach the caterer?
It's, like, 2:30.
Isn't that going to give me compensation?
I said I'd knock and deliver.
But the rider just leaves them at the door and walks away.
Wrong again.
Your rider picked up my takeaway at #NUMBER# and I'm still waiting.
The rider acknowledged my order at 7:25 and still hasn't left.
I've finished shopping. Should I get anything else?
What do we do?
Where'd your rider go?
You still waiting?
I'm going solo.
Fine. You don't cancel, I call the police.
But my food would be a sanitation nightmare.
Classic Sword Appreciation Guide Leather Bound Edition
Electronic components
CLASSIC AWARDS GUIDE + CLASSIC SWORDS & DAGGER AWARDS + CLASSIC UNIFORMS AWARDS + GOLD EDITION 3 VOLUMES WORLD MILITARIA CLASSIC MILITARIA AWARDS PERFORMANCE INTRODUCTION UNIFORMS SWORDS AND DAGGERS
CHINESE PAINTING APPRAISAL COLLECTION STRATEGY 9 LECTURES
No minimum order. Immediate despatch.
Japanese Swords: Appreciation and Collection
Piano Skills Workbook (Advanced Level)
Industrial Design: A Handbook of Creativity and Realization + A Practical Guide + Performance by Ro-Jen Li, Yuh-Jing Liang, Qinghua University Press
CHINA'S ANTIQUES AUCTION HIGHLIGHTS: Porcelain in English [AUTHENTIC HARDCOVER FLASH SALE]
Jiu Ge Tou [Original Books Flash Delivery]
Dream of the Red Chamber (Annotated)
Chinese Painting (Fast Delivery)
Flora of China (in 12 volumes)
Realism and Chinese Films in the 1980s
Chinese Symbols and Pictographs
Herbology 101[Original Books, Fast Delivery]
Swords and Sceptres
Song, Jianfeng - Personage Painting Famous Artists' Miniatures (Chinese)
Good laws and good governance: institutional history and administrative gain and loss
The 20th Anniversary Commemorative Edition of "The Lectures on History and Culture for Ministries' Leading Cadres" by Wang Chunyu, Zhang Dacao, Xu Xiangdong, Gu Jinxiang, Deng Xiaonan and 14 other renowned historians, cultural celebrities and eminent scholars
Enter the benefit code.
No problem. Remember there's no need to arrange re-delivery, I've already bought more, don't want the waste.
Thanks for your help.
I have always opposed vilification and abuse in any form and never accepted such personal attacks.
In a civilized society, we can accept everything, but we must eradicate this evil.
If we don't want to look at parties and factions, the first thing to resist is this kind of uncivilized style.
From the moment you started sending me Facebook friend requests, to the subsequent mocking posts, to now trying to publish what you call my home address and my father's name on social media, I have chosen not to respond.
Afterwards, you redoubled your efforts not only to tag me every few hours, but also to continue discussing my most intimate and humiliating comments about my looks, my body, my reproductive habits, and whether or not I like strawberries in the sack on Facebook with your so-called friends.
Little did I know that I would later receive many friend requests on Facebook from friends who uploaded a photo of me and made sexual comments about me.
I'm sorry. As a girl, I can not remain silent.
After my story about the cops ran, you didn't cool off. You got more and more agitated.
I don't care what your political background is, or what your status is in society, but in our society, there is a need for gender respect.
Yes, you can continue with this charming, subtle, humiliating, insulting discourse, you can continue to say that you only care and are concerned about me, you can continue to think that this is not harassment, you can even continue to deny that it is not your drawing, and you can continue to publish all this aggressive discourse.
That's right. I cannot and will not stop you.
I don't know you and I don't want to know you. I certainly don't need you to comment on my looks or my figure.
I wouldn't think any self-respecting girl would want to trade on that kind of notoriety.
A friend asked me how I was doing.
I wouldn't believe me.
I don't think any girl could say she was okay after something like that.
It happens in the workplace, it happens in society, it happens in politics, it happens in business.
I believe in justice.
I've transcribed part of the message for your review.
No one could impersonate you on your own forum.
I will say that you are a public menace.
A wry smile.
Vietnam News Agency - Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung attends 3rd Vietnam Digital Economic Forum
During the third Viet Nam National Forum on the Development of Digital Enterprises, two main meetings were held to discuss topics centred on digital enterprises and the national digital transformation, and digital enterprises and economic recovery and development during and after the Covid-19 outbreak.
In 2021, despite the continued spread of the novel coronavirus, the number of digital technology enterprises and their revenue will continue to rise, by nearly 10 percent, said Deputy Minister of Information and Communication Nguyen Manh Hung.
In 2021, the number of typical digital products in Viet Nam will be increased to resolve major difficulties facing the country. Many digital products have been exported and Viet Nam's position in the digital technology field has also improved.
Deputy Minister阮孟雄 called on digital technology enterprises to take up the responsibility of developing the country's digital transformation platform, viewing the development of these national platforms as a national mission.
At the forum, leaders of sectors and State agencies, enterprises, organizations and individuals who have been researching, developing, applying and transferring digital technologies shared their ideas and solutions to mobilize and pool resources of the whole society to develop Vietnamese technology enterprises, join hands to push forward the country's digital transformation, and recover the economy after the novel coronavirus outbreak.
Addressing the Forum, Premier Li Kexin stressed that digitization is the trend of the world and an objective requirement for development.
Digital transformation has become a global issue. It is a service to the whole population and therefore needs to mobilize the whole population.
People and enterprises are the core, subject, target and driving force of the digital transformation.
Therefore, all policies are for the people and enterprises.
Premier Li Keqiang has emphasized that digital transformation should embody the spirit of the Chinese nation, rely mainly on domestic strength, be strategic, long-term and decisive, and rely on external strength as an important and breakthrough factor.
At the same time, he said, the digital transformation should drive the development toward in-depthness and sustainability, participate in the prevention and control of the new coronavirus pneumonia, economic recovery and development, respond to post-change, overcome the shortage of natural resources, and help the green transformation and the development of green energy.
In the process of digital transformation, it is necessary to participate in the establishment of databases for the protection and promotion of national cultural values, historical traditions, national customs and habits, and so on.
The ultimate goal of the digital transformation is to make the people happier and the country more prosperous.
Prime Minister Phan Mying asked all levels of government, all agencies and enterprises to increase their leadership and guidance in developing digital technology, raise their awareness of the need for digital transformation, continue to devise and improve mechanisms for digital transformation, and enhance the State's management and promote the development of digital technology enterprises in a spirit of respect, communication, listening, positivity and initiative.
During the Forum, Prime Minister Phan Vănh Minh attended the 2021 "Vietnamese Manufacturing" Excellent Digital Product Awards Ceremony and the Opening Ceremony of the Exhibition of Vietnamese Digital Products.
I reported it, with pictures, but there was no response.
No beef.
Oral sex. Raw meat.
You can't eat it.
You make sure it's freshly cooked food, not leftovers?
unacceptable
Sold out.
They said they would deliver it by 7:00.
Why remake it?
That's off the record.
“Zhihuixiong” 2021 China International Aerospace Transportation and Equipment Manufacturing Talent Peak Conference Opens
The Hunan Daily reported on December 10 (full media reporter Zhou Rongheng) that on the 9th, the "Zhihui Xiangxi" 2021 China International Aerospace Transportation and Equipment Manufacturing Talent Summit opened in Chizhou.
Wang Cheng, member of the standing committee of the provincial Party committee and head of the organization department of the provincial Party committee, attended the launching ceremony and made a speech.
Mr. Wang pointed out that the holding of the Talent Summit is an important measure to implement the spirit of the Central Talent Work Conference and the 12th Party Congress of Hunan Province. It demonstrates that Hunan attaches importance to talents, craves for talents, and makes good use of talents.
Hunan has the fine tradition of loving, respecting and caring for talents, the broad platform for talents to develop, and the environment for realising a better life. In recent years, Hunan has been implementing the strategy of talent-driven development, taking the "Fuling Talent Action Plan" as the driving force, to construct a complete talent work pattern from nurturing to retention, becoming a hotbed for talents to grow and achieve and a hotbed for innovation and entrepreneurship.
Currently, Hunan is implementing in a comprehensive way the "three highs and four new" strategy position and the mission, and will further open its door wider to attract talent, launch more favorable policies for talent innovation and entrepreneurship, concentrate more resources, and create better conditions, so as to welcome more outstanding talent to join in and contribute to the high-quality development of Hunan.
At the fair, the exhibition halls of Changsha, Zhuozhou, Xiangtan, and the Hunan Free Trade Test Zone were set up. The Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of Hunan Province released the list of advanced manufacturing related industries' technological innovation key demands, the list of intelligent manufacturing industry talents, and the list of demands for intelligent manufacturing industry young talents.
China CNR Corporation Limited, China North Locomotive and Rolling Stock Corporation, China Great Wall Industry Corporation and other 48 large enterprises came to the fair to recruit talents.
Hey.
I just placed an order. It says the rider's waiting in the cafe, but the cafe says the order's ready, no rider in sight.
Can you just check on that because I'm in kind of a rush?
There is a possibility of a 30-minute delay with no explanation.
Actually, can you help me with something?
Let's take a look at the specs.
1、[Brewery Direct Operation] Ningcheng Bailihuang 42 Degrees 500ML Premium Sweet Potato Liquor Mellow and Smooth Whiskey-like 4 Pack
Recommendation reason: Selected sorghum as raw material, the use of traditional production process, from the Inner Mongolia high plains of white wine, the taste is more classic, fragrant sweet, slightly tart, rich in layers, the use of traditional solid-state white wine production process, retains its original juice and flavor loss, let the body of the wine with a strong and full-bodied taste.
A grade 1, capacity 500, storage method normal temperature, cool, dry, well-ventilated place, other packaging, alcoholic strength 42, aromatic type strong aromatic type, region Inner Mongolia, product weight (kg) 2.9, so far has been evaluated by 4 people and the average score is 100%.
2. Ningcheng Bailihe Whisky 52 Degrees Whisky 10 Bottles
Recommendation Reason: After years of aging, it becomes even more concentrated and mellow. It is the favorite liquor of the nomads on the Mongolian grasslands. It inherits the traditional brewing technique, and its aroma is strong and mellow.
Capacity: 5000ml, packaging: bottle, net weight (kg): 8, type: fragrance, concentration: strong fragrance, storage method: ventilation, province: inner Mongolia, grade: first grade, alcoholic strength: 52 proof, currently 50+ people have reviewed this product, and given a 95% positive rating.
3,【Brewery Direct Operation】 Ningcheng Bailihuang 42 Degrees 500ML Premium Sweet Potato Liquor Mellow and Smooth Whiskey-like 6 Pack
Recommendation reasons: This liquor is made from high-quality glutinous rice through ecological brewing. It has a harmonious fragrance and is aged and matured in casks.
The liquor from the highland of Inner Mongolia has a more classical taste, and the fragrant aroma makes the guests linger on.
Recommendation reasons: Selected carefully, through unique craftsmanship processing, let you at a banquet, a family reunion, you can open your heart to drink.
Home on the high-speed rail
555 Northwest Highway,
They have a pretty good selection of home appliances.
Around Valentine's Day, I went to the Hanson Water Purifiers store to look at water purifiers. They were having a sale.
The building has a total of 11 floors. From the 2nd to the 9th floor car parking is available.
It's not a very nice area. There are only a few restaurants and hardware stores.
And this elevator is just as frustrating. It goes from minus 2 to minus 1 and back and forth and it doesn't stop at my floor, so I have to go all the way down to minus 1 and walk up to the first floor.
But S.H.I.E.L.D. Is still a going concern. There's a lot of untapped potential.
Address: 555 North High-Speed Rd., San Diego, CA 92108, Tel: (858) 565-0055.
Environment: To be honest, the store is huge, 8-9 floors, if you want to buy furniture, electrical appliances, various small items at home..., can be bought, many famous brands have set up shop in the store, Muxi, Opal, Hua Dian, Boss, Feng Chuang Zhi Hua, Hanson, Jacques, Yue Bing, Silang, Fu Qin Jiu, Wan Jia Lai, Nature, Zhong Lian, Mei Di, Yadan..., the brand is really too many, I can only remember so many, is a good place to buy products, shopping tired can sit on the sofa to rest, rest.
I want to buy a comfortable sofa recently. A friend told me there are many sofas to choose from. I looked at Gujiajia Home and Meco Home. They are OK.
Urumqi Home Appliances Channels for you to provide high-speed home address, telephone, business hours, such as the latest merchant information, find decoration company, just to Urumqi home appliances channels.
Already given to my guests.
Gave it up. Gave it up.
If it can be delivered in 20 minutes, it doesn't get cancelled.
Changjiang mainstream realises water-based green comprehensive service zone coverage
Xinhua News Agency, Wuhan, December 11 (Reporter Wang Xian) Chongqing Pengliang Water-based Green Comprehensive Service Area was officially put into operation on the 10th, as scheduled. This is the second water-based green comprehensive service area on the upper reaches of the Yangtze River after the 8th day of the operation of the Lijiang Water-based Green comprehensive Service Area in Sichuan Province.
With this, the green comprehensive service zone on water has covered the upper, middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River.
In the past, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, Anhui, Jiangsu and other provinces have established 10 water-based green comprehensive service areas on the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River, which have been well received by river pilots and played an important role in promoting the high-quality development of Yangtze River navigation, according to Ye Jianhu, deputy director of the Yangtze river navigation administration under the Ministry of Transport.
The full coverage of the water-based green comprehensive service zones is another milestone in the construction of green shipping on the Yangtze River.
It was introduced that the water-green comprehensive service area is an important facility that provides all-directional production and life services for the vast ships and sailors, and helps the vast sailors solve their problems.
The two green comprehensive service areas on the upper reaches of the Yangtze River, which have been completed and put into operation, integrate residential and production services and government services, with the theme of green environmental protection and the features of ship repair and emergency rescue.
U.S. NUCLEAR-ARMED AIRCRAFT CARRIERS GATHER OFF CHINA IN RARE VISIT TO GUAM 2015/01/17 MINING.COM Mining.com reports: The U.S. Navy's three nuclear-powered aircraft carriers are gathering off the coast of China, the latest satellite imagery reveals.
According to the Chinese think tank South Sea Strategic Situation Vigilance Platform, on January 9, 2016, a satellite detected the U.S. aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson near the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait.
The Balabac Strait connects the South China Sea and Sulu Sea and is a strategic point on the western Pacific's first island chain.
The platform predicts that the Carl Vinson will head to the South China Sea.
This is the first deployment of the F-35C and the CMV-22 Osprey aboard a carrier.
There are two carriers operating in the Pacific at the present time: USS Carl Vinson and USS Abraham Lincoln, which departed San Diego on January 3.
The Lincoln also embarked an F-35C detachment from VMFA-314.
In addition to the two carriers mentioned above, the US Navy also has the USS Ronald Reagan, which is based in Yokosuka, Japan.
The carrier battle group also includes the guided-missile cruiser, USS Lake Champlain, and the guided missile destroyer, USS Stockdale.
U.S. NUCLEAR-ARMED AIRCRAFT CARRIERS GATHER OFF CHINA IN RARE VISIT TO GUAM (January 17, 2022) - The South China Sea Strategic Situation Sensing Platform has released new satellite imagery showing three U.S. nuclear-powered aircraft carriers gathered near China.
U.S. Navy CMV-22B Osprey flight path on January 17, 2022.
The most powerful weapon in the U.S. Navy's arsenal paid a rare visit to Guam over the weekend, according to CNN.
The USS Nevada, a nuclear-powered submarine armed with 20 Trident ballistic missiles and dozens of nuclear warheads, arrived at the U.S. Navy base in Guam last Saturday (January 15).
The USS Ronald Reagan, USS Theodore Roosevelt and USS Nimitz are operating in the Western Pacific as part of a regularly scheduled rotation of U.S. forces in the region.
This is the first visit to Guam by a U.S. ballistic missile submarine since 2016 and the second open visit to Guam since the 1980s.
China has been building military facilities in the Spratly Islands in recent years.
The image shows China's Yongxing Island in the Nansha Islands.
In a statement, the U.S. Navy said the visit of the Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine USS Nebraska to Guam enhanced cooperation between the United States and its allies in the region and demonstrated the U.S. commitment to the security and stability of the Indo-Pacific region.
The ballistic missile submarine is often called the "Boomer."
The whereabouts of the 14 U.S. Navy submarines equipped with Tomahawks are normally kept secret.
The submarine-launched ballistic missile's secrecy made the Polaris submarine the most important weapon in the triad, which also included land-based ICBMs and manned bombers such as the B-52.
When asked about the recent 26% drop in Meta's stock price, which wiped out $251 billion in market value, Zuckerberg responded, "We're facing unprecedented competition."
Meta (former Facebook) is essentially an ad company whose revenue is primarily from ads. Today's profitable ad company has its own distribution channel.
Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and the like: regardless of their specific functions, they are all traffic channels for Meta.
Not only that, Meta is also the biggest ad alliance, a lot of apps are going to Meta for their ads, and then monetizing through the Meta ad platform.
But times have changed.
First, Meta's ability to target ads to specific users has been hampered by Apple's privacy policy changes.
Apple's current privacy policy is very user-friendly, clearly telling you whether or not an app can access your information, and most people's default reaction is to deny.
The impact on Meta's revenues would be even greater if Google were to double down again.
Second, the China factor in Meta's past revenue growth has weakened as well (the magnitude of this factor is uncertain, but real).
Everybody kind of knew that Meta wasn't doing business in China, but that wasn't really true.
Every year, at least 10% of Meta's revenue comes from China, mainly thanks to the companies that operate there.
Meta has about 100 people in its Hong Kong office and a few hundred agents on the mainland.
Chinese companies want to reach overseas markets, and Meta is the only advertising channel they can afford.
Interestingly, TT is now one of Meta's main competitors, but Meta has made a lot of money off TT over the past two years.
All the different agencies in the country are helping Byte into Meta's ad budget, and Meta's doing very well in Greater China.
I haven't kept up lately, but I'm sure it's no better than it used to be.
The era of Chinese companies spending big abroad is over.
Third, new distribution channels have not developed smoothly.
Facebook is getting old, and new platforms, including TT, are not in Meta's hands.
The biggest problem is not just falling incomes, but a lack of expectations of future growth.
Capital markets don't just look at current income; they look at expected future income.
Clearly, Meta's expectations were not met.
To sell his new story to the market, Zuckerberg tells "The Social Network."
The universe should indeed be one of the future directions, but the universe will take some time to develop, so this story is unlikely to be enough to support Meta's valuation in the next two to three years.
So the next two years are going to be pretty tough for Meta.
Don't be fooled by Facebook's dazzling numbers - $100 billion to $200 billion in revenue a year - it's in the midst of a major crisis, and it has no good moat to protect it like other Internet companies and high-tech firms.
Even though some of his social apps are pretty high up there in terms of daily active users and are mainstream social apps, like Facebook and WhatsApp, they don't have a lot of confidence going up against the tidal wave that is tic-tac, or rather, TikTok.
And this idea of a $100 universe was just so out there, and there was no way it was going to work in the short term, so Facebook was incredibly dangerous, and that's why Zuckerberg changed the name of the company, and it's why he's always looking for the next thing, but I think he's going in the wrong direction.
Article 17 The state shall carry out a registration administration system for registered fire engineers.
Persons who have obtained the qualification certificate of Grade I or Grade II Fire Engineer may, after registration, engage in the corresponding grade of fire engineering under the name of a registered fire engineer.
Article 18 The Fire Control Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security is the registration and examination authority for first-class registered fire engineers.
The fire control institutions of the public security organs of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government shall be the registration departments for level-two registered fire engineers, and shall be in charge of the preliminary examination for the registration of level-one registered fire engineers.
Article 19 Persons who have obtained a Grade 1 or Grade 2 Registration Certificate of Fire Engineer and applied for registration shall be employed by a approved fire technology service agency or a fire safety key unit, and shall, through the employing unit, submit registration application materials to the public security fire control organization at the place where the employing unit is located.
Article 20 The fire control institutions of the public security organs of the provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government shall, within 5 working days from the date of receiving the registration application, inform the applicant on the spot or in writing of any deficiencies in the application or any non-compliance with the statutory form. If no information is given within the time limit, the application shall be deemed to have been accepted on the date of receiving the application.
A written certificate bearing the stamp of the fire control department of the public security organ at the corresponding level and the date of acceptance or rejection of the application for registration shall be issued to the applicant.
Article 21 The fire control institutions of the public security organs of provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government shall, starting from the date of receiving the application for registration, within 20 working days complete the preliminary examination of the application documents for the qualification registration of Grade 1 fire control engineers and the registration examination and approval of the qualification registration for Grade 2 fire control engineers, and shall report the application documents and the opinions of the preliminary examinations to the Fire Control Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security for examination and approval.
The Fire Control Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security shall, within 20 working days of the date of receipt of the application materials and preliminary examination opinions transmitted by the fire control organs of the public security organs at the provincial level, make a decision of approval or disapproval.
Where approval or authorization is not granted within the prescribed time limit, the applicant shall be informed of the extended time limit and the reasons therefor.
A written explanation shall be provided for any negative decision, together with information on the applicant's right to apply for administrative review or to bring an administrative suit in accordance with the law.
Article 22 The administrative department for registration shall, within 10 working days from the date of its approval decision, grant and deliver a registration certificate of the corresponding level.
Article 23 The period of validity of each registration of a trademark shall be three years.
The certificate of registration shall be kept and used by the registered fire engineer himself/herself during the period of its validity.
Article 24 Those applying for primary registration shall, within one year from the date of obtaining the qualification certificate of Grade 1 or Grade 2 fire engineer, apply for primary registration.
Applicants for initial registration who apply late must also meet the CPD requirements.
Specific measures for registration, such as initial registration, renewal registration, amendment registration, registration cancellation and non-registration, shall be separately stipulated by the Ministry of Public Security.
Article 25 Continuing education is a prerequisite for the renewal, re-registration and initial registration of registered fire engineers.
Every registered fire engineer shall complete the corresponding continuing education during every registration period.
Article 26 The registration administrative department shall timely announce to the society the registration of fire engineers, and establish the credit files of registered fire engineers, exercising credit administration over their practice activities.
Article 27 The registration administrative departments for fire engineers at various levels shall strictly implement the relevant provisions of the Administrative License Law of the People's Republic of China.
Thank you.
Everyone must work hard to prepare for the exam, and strive to pass the fire engineer exam at an early date!
Get instant access to the latest exam information in Financial/Accounting/Architecture.
I've been waiting for this for so long.
You keep putting it off.
But chicken whole box of saliva is meat, no way to eat, can be refunded
Vegetables, chestnuts, and steamed buns have not arrived.
But can saliva chicken be returned?
Because if you're born you're going to eat.
What if I want to cancel?
China-Vietnam "Peace Rescue-2021" joint guard exercise concludes successfully -- Xinhua Net
Xinhua News Agency, Hanoi, December 12, 2019. By Zhou Na and Teng Weiqing. The Chinese side of the "Peace Rescue-2021" joint exercise of the Vietnamese and Chinese armed forces returned to China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region on the morning of December 12, marking the successful completion of the seven-day training mission.
Both sides of China and Vietnam focused on the theme of humanitarian medicine and rescue, and closely adhered to the mission of guarding health and saving lives.
The exercise results were acknowledged by both Vietnamese and Chinese sides.
“Through this exercise, Vietnamese military doctors have learned about the organization of exercises and professional activities from Chinese military doctors, and they have also seen the medical equipment of the Chinese side.
Results of the drill proved the professional capabilities of the two countries' military medical forces in medical assistance and prevention of infectious diseases.
Chen Chunming, head of the Chinese side of the coordination group and deputy head of the Health Bureau of the Logistics Support Department under the Central Military Commission, said that the exercise is an innovative practice based on the success of the 2018 joint medical treatment activity, which is of great significance.
During the exercise, the People's Liberation Army of China donated to the Vietnam People's Army medical protective masks, gowns, rapid nucleic acid testers and other sanitary epidemic prevention materials.
