In my opinion, the literature program was formed by women of Balzac's age on the basis of their interests.
From Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote fiction, of course, from the point of view of those very same ladies of a certain age.
And the psychology and suffering of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev are not so interesting for teenagers.
It is rare for teenagers to be interested in the psychology of the characters.
Thank you very much, it was very interesting.
Were the roses stuffed to represent a particular variety?
There are roses of this colour and with this petal structure, resembling velvet, which are usually dark red or dark burgundy in colour.
And the white roses look different, the petals have a satin or silky sheen.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are apparently colorblind.
Bears eat carrion...
Gorillas CANNOT look you in the eye - in some safari parks visitors are given goggles with eyes drawn on, looking away.
Bees are still oriented by smell...
The mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
The "Micropack Prestige" model: comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different firmness sides: the medium-firm side is made of latex-coated coconut fiber and natural latex, the medium-soft side is made of natural latex.
The 1000 springs per square metre spring block quickly adapts to the body of the sleeper, preventing the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the model’s advantages are breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for airflow, is well ventilated naturally, like coconut coir.
This helps to maintain a healthy microclimate in the sleeping area.
Also, the mattress is covered by an extended warranty.
The official warranty period from the manufacturer is 5 years, in practice, the mattress lasts longer.
A dust and dirt-resistant removable jacquard cover is supplied as standard.
Get a couple of pillows to go with your mattress - they're recommended to support the optimum position of your spine while you sleep.
The filling determines the purpose of the pillow - coconut serves as anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Put your brain into gear and get rid of such relatives!
It's better not to have any at all than to have such...
Either find a third party driver, or someone who is willing to invest and work with you in a partnership.
If it doesn't work out, sell the car, even if it's at a loss, don't be stingy.
Next time, you'll think better...
Andrey, you were clearly explained that in schools, pensioners work, and they will not work in the command line.
The teacher of information technology will not be able to help either, he was not taught this, the schoolchildren play games on Windows.
So there is no support.
I remember those dinners and the guests at my parents' house with horror.
Guests are at the door, and the pancakes are still being fried on the stove, while the mother is frantically mopping the floor.
Lord, I was so tired by the time I sat down at the table.
And then wash the dishes, clean the house.
A week before the holiday, you haul in the groceries, two days of cooking, and a day of cleaning up after.
And the guests?
They are happy, and they always take a cake with them.
Since then, I don't like holidays, guests.
I even set the table for my family with the minimum.
And I cook for them, I bake often just for the fun of it.
Germany: Fourth vaccination against coronavirus inevitable
A fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or autumn of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final one, but will continue with renewed vigour.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, two or three doses of the coronavirus vaccine are unlikely to provide full protection.
The head of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeldt, is convinced of this.
This was reported by Die Welt on Saturday, December 11.
“We expect that a fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the autumn”, the expert believes.
In addition, Weygeldt hopes that the fourth vaccination against the coronavirus can be carried out "in combination with the flu vaccination".
This will help to achieve the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination may help in the fight against the spread of the new coronavirus strain "Omicron".
In particular, the new variant is particularly dangerous.
So, the likelihood of re-infection with the "Omicron" variant is three times higher than with the Delta or Beta strains.
This is evidenced by the results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa.
Based on this, BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
The companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new "Omicron" variant of the coronavirus.
The study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that the effectiveness of the vaccine was significantly lower after two doses: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25 times."
“This indicates that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron variant,” BioNTech and Pfizer stressed.
Therefore, a third dose is needed.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the president of the German Society of Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, advocates for shortening the interval between the second and third vaccinations.
Moreover, as Salzberger believes, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the delta and omicron variants of the coronavirus.
“The experience of Israel is very convincing in this regard,” the expert stressed.
Pontoon21 Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from the Pontoon21® company.
It (and the Kalikana Vib series) is different from many other vibes in that it was designed with ice fishing in mind, rather than just casting.
These wobbles have a greater weight than their close-sized counterparts, which, undoubtedly, positively affects the details of the application of these interesting baits.
Another recognizable feature is the upper lip made of a strong and flexible plastic, which creates additional vibrations when vertical and horizontal presentations.
As a "winter wobbler" Bet-A-Vib performs quite aggressively when fished vertically.
Often the most effective is the simple monotonous animation, i.e. the up-and-down movement of the rod with almost no pauses.
Planning deviation from the vertical axis is not very great, which is convenient when fishing in a confined space, overgrown with underwater vegetation, snags and other obstacles that can cause a snag.
In addition, a small deviation is relevant when fishing for winter pike and large perch, and especially in the middle of winter, when a precise and aggressive presentation of the bait is required.
Reaching the end of its trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly rotates and returns to its original vertical.
Bet-A-Vib is equally successful for winter trout fishing in ponds.
To please her whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noise capsule (NS – NanoSound) or without it (SL – Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib can provoke a passive pike, which does not react even to a live bait.
Bet-A-Vib shows distance and accuracy when casting.
This wobbler is easy to understand and not fussy, and works well with monofilament and braided lines of even large diameters.
For casting for pike, perch, eel, or perch, in addition to the even bait, the "step" is also effective, sometimes with "chirping" on the bottom.
If you are fishing in snaggy areas, you can change the front triplet to a doublet, which will reduce the chance of snags.
Among the lures of its class, Bet-A-Vib is one of the most durable and, as a result, one of the most catching.
It can be used with equal success on relatively shallow and quite deep areas.
All models are fitted with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young idlers are sitting on the necks of old parents.
The "golden youth" is clearly a bunch of slackers, who know nothing and can do nothing.
A comfortable life encourages laziness.
Perhaps Mishustin was referring to this significant part of the population.
You are, of course, joking.
I have never seen a pair of shoes in this shop that I would have liked to buy.
What do you mean by long-term wear?
This shoe is made from faux leather.
It's good if it lasts one season.
Zenden is on the same level as Carry.
Go in and out a couple of times to look and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
Libya says 7,000 Russian mercenaries are in the country
There are more than 7,000 mercenaries from the private military company (PMC) Wagner in Libya.
This was announced by the head of the Supreme State Council of the republic, Khalid al-Mishri, on Sunday, December 12.
At present, there are more than 7,000 mercenaries from the private military company Wagner in Libya.
They have planes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 fighter jets at the Ghardabiya air base (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu quoted him as saying.
Haleed al-Mishri also said that Russian mercenaries are "trying to take over" central Libya, which stretches from Chad to the Mediterranean, after "bringing their man to power" in the Central African Republic.
Stay Present
According to the publication's source, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "settled in Libya."
Wagner has been in Libya since 2019, using the airbase and port in Sirte, as well as the airbase in Jufra, the agency notes.
Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner Group is supported by the Kremlin.
Where else are mercenaries?
According to the agency, Wagner is allegedly operating in nine African countries - the Central African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola.
The company provides local forces with military training, personal security for leaders, and protection of energy facilities.
In exchange for these services, the subsidiaries of Wagner receive certain privileges and licenses to use mineral and natural resources, as well as to supply weapons, technologies and military services to these countries," the article says.
According to the media, "Wagnerites" allegedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan, and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed in the power structures or in the register of legal entities, and its fighters are absent from the personnel lists.
This company is under US sanctions.
To remind you, the ambassadors of 27 EU countries approved sanctions against Wagner.
It is expected that the EU Council will approve this decision on December 13.
Situation in Libya
The High State Council of Libya de facto is the second chamber of parliament with consultative functions, with the dominating Islamists, writes TASS.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of the single day of voting for the parliamentary elections and the head of state to at least February 2022.
“With less than two weeks to go until the election, the chances of it being held on time are rapidly diminishing,” the article notes.
In this context, the Higher Election Commission of Libya postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, Sky News Arabia reports.
Russian foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, 29% believe that failures predominate.
“Examples of success – “in Syria we defended, we restored peace there”, “Nord Stream 2 decision”, “the whole world was scared of advanced weaponry”, “We took Crimea”.
The main failures are "the conflict with Ukraine", "confrontation with Western countries", and "isolation from the world", says the study by the Foundation for Public Opinion.
The government of Dubai has completely abandoned paperwork - all government services have also become digital
The Dubai government announced a complete move away from paper-based record-keeping and the adoption of digital technologies.
All state services will be provided to the population exclusively in electronic form.
This is reported by the Emirati news agency WAM.
Today marks the start of a new phase in Dubai's digital transformation - we have completed the transition to a paperless government," Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai and Chairman of Dubai Executive Council, said on Saturday.
Now, the internal and external document flow in all government agencies in Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The new initiative affected all sectors of the economy: healthcare, housing and communal services, the police, municipal authorities, courts, etc. Many commercial structures also joined the government's initiative.
The transition to an electronic government and digitization of document flow began in Dubai in 2018.
Over that time, authorities say, 336 million sheets of paper have been saved, which amounts to 14 million hours of human labour and $353.8 million in monetary terms.
Earlier, Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin said that electronic services save citizens two days a year.
Dana, well, about dates of birth and how old the child is, this is already madness, about the class and group in the kindergarten as well.
I don't believe that such people exist.
And if they do happen, then they clearly don’t care about anything, including the family.
My mother, her two brothers and her grandparents and grandmother lived at 3 Vladimirskaya, on the first floor, without grilles.
They knocked on the door first, then on the window, then decided not to be polite and broke the window, but the grandfather had a baseball bat, which they got.
These people knew for sure that someone was at home...
Turkey's car production and exports fell below 2020 levels
Turkey's car production and exports plunged in November amid a depreciation of the lira.
As a result, the industry's results for the 11 months were worse than last year's, Bloomberg reports, citing data from the Turkish Automotive Manufacturers Association.
According to the association, in November, 115,000 cars were produced in Turkey, which is 20% less than the previous year.
Around 75,900 vehicles were exported, which is more than 25% below last year’s figure.
And if the automotive sector of Turkey showed a positive trend in the first 10 months of this year compared to the previous year, then at the end of the 11 months of 2021, the production of cars turned out to be 0.3% lower than the previous year's figure.
The reason for such a fall was a sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which in November fell by 29% against the dollar.
This has led to a fall in economic activity across all sectors.
More than 500 MSMEs received credit payment deferrals in 2021
First Deputy Prime Minister Alikhan Smailov told about the situation with the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, reports a correspondent of MIA "Kazinform".
“According to the information of the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, in 2021, in accordance with the instructions of the Head of State of April 1, 2021, the Chairman’s Order of April 9, 2021 No. 127 “On approval of the procedure for granting postponement of payments on loans to small and medium-sized businesses” was adopted, - Alikhan Smailov wrote in his response to the deputy’s inquiry.
He reminded that the procedure for granting deferrals of loan repayments stipulated that banks and microfinance organizations would grant deferrals of loan repayments for loans issued before April 1, 2021 to SMEs, including sole proprietors, during the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The deferral period ranged from 30 to 90 days at the discretion of the subject of SME.
The borrower may have indicated a different deferral period in the loan application.
During the deferment period, the creditor’s claims and debt collection work, as well as notifying the debtor of the need to settle the overdue debt, were suspended, and the creditor’s commissions and other payments were not collected,” the Deputy Prime Minister noted.
In 2021, 603 borrowers-subjects of SMEs applied for postponement of payments on loans, of which 553 borrowers-subjects of SMEs received postponement of payments on loans for a total of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 subjects of the MSB submitted applications for deferment, of which deferment was provided to 95 subjects for a total of 105.8 million tenge, concluded A. Smaisov.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with a weak immune system can easily cope with the "Omicron" strain
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immune systems may be able to carry it more easily than those with a strong immune response
Pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev explained why the "Omicron" strain of coronavirus may be dangerous.
The reason lies in the conditions under which the virus was born.
Scientists believe that "okmiron" originated in the body of an infected HIV or immunocompromised person.
In other words, the mutation was not met with any resistance from the immune system.
This makes him more aggressive.
Because there was no response from the immune system, it became very fast.
It seems that there are more of these spike proteins, thorns, than should be there, their antibodies were not reduced during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immune systems may be able to cope with the "omicron" variant better than those with a strong immune response.
It turns out that the strong response of the body to anything, to any infection, is not always a good thing.
In such cases, the body can kill itself.
That's how it is with pneumococcal infections, when young people in their 30s die, and old people in their 60s carry it off with a cough.
The immune response in the young man is rabid, it is completely inappropriate: there, where you could only wave your finger, he hits like a cannon at sparrows, concluded Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor also reminded that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Pneumonia can be bacterial or viral.
If the first is treated very successfully and quickly, in the second case, it is often possible to suppress only the symptoms - all hope is on the body.
The first sign of developing pneumonia is the beginning of toxicity of the body - this is the temperature, weakness, fatigue.
Then come the respiratory symptoms: difficulty breathing, a sore throat, a cough.
Pain on the right or left side, or abdominal pain, can also indicate a developing problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, by the end of the year, they may begin vaccinating the growing generation from 12 to 18 years of age.
The virologist, head of the Laboratory of Genomic Engineering at MIPT, Pavel Volchkov noted that this category is very badly affected by COVID-19.
The number of contacts for teenagers who go to school is at its maximum.
This is the most socially active layer, just like preschoolers, said Pavel Volchkov, a virologist and head of the Laboratory of Genome Engineering at MIPT, to Moscow 24.
Huge thanks to the author for this article.
I was delighted to refresh my memories...
Teath-In.
In those distant 1970s-1980s, no dance floor was complete without the music of this group.
And at home, when they got together with their friends, they would dance to their music.
Immunologists propose why people with obesity become COVID victims
The authors studied fat tissue left over from bariatric surgery and found that fat cells, known as adipocytes, can become infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in fat tissue, called macrophages, also became infected, and showed a strong inflammatory response.
Researchers also examined fat tissue from COVID-19 patients who died and found particles of the coronavirus in fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that HIV and influenza viruses can hide in fat tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to evade the immune system.
It is likely that SARS-CoV-2 is capable of this as well.
A biologist explained the reasons for the appearance of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences, Semyon Golosheikin, named the reasons for the appearance of dementia and told about ways to prevent it in an interview with Radio Sputnik.
According to WHO, more than 55 million people are affected by this disease.
The syndrome manifests itself in a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, the person finds it difficult to orient themselves even in familiar surroundings.
Goloshekin noted that the most common causes of dementia are neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
This includes hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
On the behavioural level, factors such as social isolation and a lack of active cognitive activity may play a role," he said.
Development of dementia is also influenced by bad habits - smoking, excessive alcohol consumption, irregular sleep patterns and a sedentary lifestyle.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, inability to concentrate and a decrease in abstract thinking.
“There is a debate that hearing loss may be an early manifestation of Alzheimer’s disease, or one of the risk factors for its onset,” the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, WHO recommends maintaining the necessary level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require the involvement of memory and logic.
Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurology and Medical Genetics of FGKOU VO RNIMU named
N.I. Pirogov, head of the cognitive disorders department at the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnology, Anna Bogolepova, spoke about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt has returned about 30,000 illegally exported artifacts
Over the past 10 years, the Egyptian government has managed to repatriate some 30,000 artifacts that were illegally smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, in the air of the Al-Hayat channel by the head of the Department of Restored Antiquities of the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt, Shaaban Abdel Gawad.
Since 2011, Egypt has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
This year alone, the Museum of the Bible in Washington has uncovered 5,300 artifacts from ancient Egyptian civilization," he said.
Abdel Gaouad clarified that all artifacts smuggled out of the country are registered in the archives.
The department's staff are currently working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "track auctions around the world and online sales through foreign and Egyptian websites, as well as social networks."
The chief inspector said that upon their return, the cultural treasures are restored and then put on display in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was the ancient human skeleton found in Belgium, which is now part of the exhibition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, Egyptian authorities appealed to Interpol to help find a bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun that was sold at auction in London.
Christie's auction house held an auction on July 4, at which the bust, which was more than 3,000 years old, was sold for $5.97 million (approximately 680 million rubles).
This caused discontent in Egypt.
Egyptian officials also claim the artwork was illegally removed from the Karnak temple in Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted in the form of the sun god Amon, has been in a private collection since 1985 and has not been put up for auction.
It is not known how the relic made its way to Europe.
Egypt has been actively pursuing the repatriation of antiquities illegally removed from the country at different times.
According to authorities, 95% of the smuggled antiquities are the result of archaeological excavations by "black diggers."
“The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account” – and this is correct, because the Crimean Tatars (232,000) are a separate people (close to the Turks).
If you want to add, then only 42 thousand people - that's how many Tatars (Kazan) live in Crimea (see the census).
Crimean Tatars are a separate nation, and the name of this nation consists of two words!
The only thing that unites them is the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants access to staff's personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse is requiring its employees to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, writes the Financial Times.
The reason is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not provide its employees with corporate communications devices, instead offering a discount on purchasing a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner - a telecommunications operator.
Under the current rules, the bank can view information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as they are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or clients.
The bank reserves the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used it for a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many staff have been working remotely, the bank wants to extend the rule to all devices used for work purposes.
The newspaper reported that the bank's management set a deadline for employees to familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Credit Suisse does not comment on official information about the new requirement.
Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200 mattress.
The Vivre Dual Royal mattress has a high-quality and durable TFK 18 block of independent high-quality springs in the center of the mattress.
The natural coconut cushioning layers add firmness, the zonal latex distributes the weight more evenly, the latex with Aloe Vera provides hygiene for the sleeping surface, and the relief foam relaxes.
A medium-firm mattress with a high height (30 cm).
The product is shipped rolled tightly and ready for use within a short time after unpacking.
The cover is made of a durable knitted fabric with stitching on the comfortable layer.
The cover fabric does not wrinkle or stretch over time.
Part 4
Sergei Esenin’s last year of life – 1925 – was a productive one in terms of his creativity, but a difficult one for the poet and his “ego”.
He is already outside of any literary associations, he has ridiculed imaginism, he is himself, but well-known, in demand, sometimes severely criticized by critics, even maliciously, but the reading public is ready to carry him on their shoulders.
Over the course of a year, more than 60 poems were written, many of which are true masterpieces, the cycle of Persian motifs was completed, the poem "Anna Snegirina" was written, 8 books were published, and the collection "Soviet Russia" was published.
The main success was at the end of June 1925, when Gosizdat signed a contract with Esenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
No contemporary poet has been so honoured as Sergey Aleksandrovich, he is the first!
Moreover, this was a very lucrative deal – the monthly fee was 1000 rubles for 20 months (the director of the plant, for example, received 300 rubles a month, the engineer – 200).
The money was needed more than ever that year.
Yeatsen married Tolstoy's granddaughter Sofia Tolstoy, he had to set up the family home, take care of his sisters Katy and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems like life is getting back on track, there is a lot to be happy about, but for him everything is tinged with dark shades, as if the nightmare from the poem "The Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published posthumously) has materialized:
My friend, my friend,
I'm very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain came from.
It's just the wind blowing
Over a barren and desolate field,
Or like a grove in September,
Alcohol clouds the mind.
Many acquaintances noted that Yessenin was visibly ill, looked terrible, and had lost a lot of weight.
Frequent breakdowns, nervous breakdowns.
And the reason, probably, is not only in alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis – alcoholism – was ever given to Sergey Alexandrovich, there are no reliable documents left.
For example, those from May 1923, when Yessenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, American Isadora Duncan, was recovering his health in a clinic in Paris, under the supervision of Professor Petr Gannushkin (he would return to him two years later, already in Moscow).
However, there are plenty of testimonies of the poet’s drunkenness, scandals on this account, and arrests by the police – scattered across dozens of memoirs.
The beginning of the 1920s saw the poet's terrible romance with the green serpent develop rapidly.
In late 1923, Yessenin lived for a short time with his friend, the imagist Ivan Starcev.
It is surprising, but at his very good income, Yessenin never had his own home in Moscow or St. Petersburg, he lived in rented apartments, in hotels or with friends.
Starkov remembers:
He would come only to sleep, and in most cases in an incoherent, drunk state.
One time, returning home at four in the morning, Yessenin fell on the staircase...
As he fell, he scratched his face and gasped.
Coming to his senses, he began to cough uncontrollably, splattering the entire sheet with blood..."
And even Yessenin himself, after his tour of Europe and the United States (there was a dry law in the United States at that time, but Duncan took a good supply of alcohol with her) confessed:
I saw nothing there but taverns and streets...
I'm already at the end, and I can't remember people anymore...
Well, he did drink, of course...
I drank because I was homesick."
Pirelli (Pirelli) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
The Pirelli Scorpion Winter tires, based on a high-performance elastomer and silica compound, provide long-term effective operation, uniform wear, and resistance to loads.
The tread pattern of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire, which forms the ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively drain water, dirt from the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire's contact patch, suppressing hydroplaning and aquaplaning.
Figure 3D milling increases grip on slippery roads, snow and ice.
Large shoulder blocks of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire increase the lateral grip during maneuvering, enhance traction, and shorten the braking distance.
Small channels and grooves dissipate heat.
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195 Mattress
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom is a modern interpretation of a budget model in the premium class.
The mattress's foundation is a block of independent double springs, Duet.
A smaller spring is placed inside the larger spring.
This allows the load to be evenly distributed across the mattress.
The mattress is complemented on both sides with a filler – an artificial latex.
It is a natural latex substitute, but it is denser and cheaper.
The flexibility and resilience of this material increases the comfort of the mattress.
Synthetic latex is hypoallergenic, it doesn't absorb moisture or dust.
The mattress is well suited to a couple with a large weight difference (over 30 kilograms).
Thanks to the "smart" springs, there is no effect of a wave here, when the light partner slides to the side of the heavy one.
The pleasant, soft-to-the-touch cover of the practical Jacquard Sense is stitched with a layer of synthetic padding.
Natural fabrics do not collect static electricity.
This model of mattress may be made in a rolled-up version (vacuum-packed).
Now, his son is almost 16, and he hasn’t been tormented by the desire to cheat for a long time.
All of his energy is focused on choosing what he will do to earn a living.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age or my husband, who had problems with the law right up until the wedding.
The father cares for his young daughter.
And he loves, as Lermontov wrote, “with a strange love”.
Why did the girl cry on the exam when she hadn't failed it?
Why he didn't tell his daughter it wasn't school.
Well, she'll have a tail.
So what?
He will retake it.
Millions of students know this.
What are you talking about?
Polish Foreign Ministry believes that Belarus is using migrants as "weapon" against the EU
Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs believes that Belarus is using migrants as "weapons"
Poland's Deputy Foreign Minister Pawel Jablonski said that President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as "weapons" against the European Union and intends to return to such "operations" next year.
The corresponding statement was made by the deputy head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in an interview with the newspaper Australian Financial Review.
According to Yablonskiy, sanctions against Belarus have temporarily "stopped Lukashenko," but he is "actively looking for new ways."
Also, the Polish official is sure that now illegal migrants will be used as a weapon "in many parts of the world."
As KP.RU reported earlier, the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It affected 17 individuals and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they announced their readiness to continue to expand restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve."
In response, Minsk introduced a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that had previously decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
A clothing cover 60x100 cm, spunbond, blue.
In order for your clothes to last you a long time, you need to take care of them properly.
Proper storage will extend the lifespan of the item and keep it looking attractive.
A clothes cover will help us with this!
Advantages.
Using a clothing cover will save you a lot of space.
This is especially true if you have a lot of things and a small closet.
Well-groomed appearance.
No more dresses, coats and skirts hanging haphazardly.
The neat covers allow you to sort your clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use a rack instead of a regular closet, this is the most optimal option.
The cover reliably protects clothing from dust and dirt, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
It prevents clothing from changing shape during long-term storage and prevents creasing.
Features of clothing covers.
A special material will allow your clothes to breathe.
With careful handling, the life of such a cover is not limited.
They can be used not only for clothes, but also for blankets, pillows, bedding.
The cover is "sealed" with a strong zipper.
It is important to remember!
Prepare items for long-term storage: clean them, smooth out creases.
Choose a cover of the right size: the things should not be folded at the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several bulky items in one cover: they may wrinkle.
If you value order and cleanliness, cherish your things, want to keep them and extend their service life, order a garment cover.
Visit the big catalogue and choose the product of the colour and size you need at a great price!
“Not like Semyon’s hat”: when a velvet jacket makes a man a laughing stock
Barbour jackets dominated the social scene in 2021.
It was Daniel Craig who was the first to announce his new fashion choice.
He appeared in a plush burgundy jacket and a traditional "Bond-style" tie at the premiere of "No Time to Die" in September.
Following his lead twice, Prince William first donned an inappropriate green velvet jacket for the Earthshot Prize awards ceremony, before opting for a more traditional option for the Royal Variety Performance.
A couple of weeks ago, the trend was worn by Lionel Messi.
The footballer came to collect his seventh "Golden Ball" in a Dolce & Gabbana velvet jacket.
Incidentally, his sons were wearing the same.
AliExpress has already noted the growing demand for velvet men's jackets in Russia.
According to analysts of the service, their sales have increased by 1.4 times, "Gazeta.Ru" reports.
The most popular are warm velvet jackets with lining and a fitted silhouette, the main colors are dark beige, burgundy, dark blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. Men prefer to buy exclusively jackets, while they are less likely to choose a set of velvet suits.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
In the luxury segment, barbour jackets are presented in almost all brands - Brioni, Paul Smith, Etro, Saint Laurent.
The most coveted is the Gucci model, in which Jared Leto, the brand's ambassador, appeared at one of the premieres of the film "House of Gucci".
Choosing jackets from expensive brands, you can be sure that the velvet is made of silk.
Thanks to a special weaving technique, the fabric is a dense fabric with a fuzzy outer texture and a smooth inner side.
The cheaper options are made from cotton or polyamide, but they do not last as long.
Lamoda fashion expert Ilya Vakhonskiy warns that in the case of a velvet jacket, the most important thing is not its model or style, but its appropriateness.
Barathea demands evening light, so such a jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a formal event, explains Vahovskiy. It will also work for those occasions where the dress code is "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie".
Another important criterion, which allows to make a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
“The man in the velvet jacket, first of all, should acquire the right advanced circle of friends with a decent income, - the authors of the Telegram channel about men’s fashion “Brammell’s Beauty” believe. - The owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the category of people who rarely buy tickets.
They are simply invited to the related social events, where the dress code is always specified.
Ilya Vakhonskiy recommends combining a barathea jacket with similar festive clothing: classic trousers with pleats, plain shirts, silk ties, loafers with pom-poms, cufflinks.
Too simple and everyday things will look out of place.
Fashion experts from "Brammell's Beauties" are convinced that it would be inappropriate for a regular employee to appear in a velvet jacket at a corporate event, but if we are talking about a "manager who is in charge of this event," then "yes," he would fit right in.
If the lower-ranking employee is aiming to move up the ladder in a complex corporate hierarchy or to extract financial bonuses, it is best not to wear a velvet jacket.
The management will certainly appreciate the phrase "not like Semyon's hat," the editors of the Telegram channel about men's fashion believe.
Very mixed feelings about the voice.
It's an unnatural tone, so labored.
And it has absolutely nothing to do with the cute face of a young girl.
To be honest, I don't understand the admiration of those around me.
But I wish you all the best in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well-lobbied, which means it is well-paid for.
Billion-dollar investments.
Are they sad?
No, electricity prices have gone up.
Traditional energy sources are also not doing well - and gas, oil, and coal were bought cheaper than they are sold now.
There is a huge demand for fuel.
The penny is dropping.
And who is in the lead?
As usual, a regular shopper.
Does the sheriff care about Indian problems?
Therefore, it is not necessary to consider Western politicians as idiots who "missed" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
For a decent wage.
I didn't see a single beautiful person in the photos in the article.
Just mediocrity within the average passenger.
Perhaps, if such characters are so sure of their beauty that they decide to show it to the whole carriage, they will not sit down with them.
But only because of their mental illness and ignorance, not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "the slave who recognizes his slave status and fights against it, is a revolutionary.
The slave who is unaware of his slavery and who lives a silent, unconscious, and wordless slave life is simply a slave.
The slave who is drooling when he is boasting about the pleasures of slavery and praising the good and benevolent master is a servant, a boor."
An immunologist said that a revaccination after 4-5 months will help protect against the "Omicron" coronavirus strain
Revaccination after four to five months may protect against the new strain of coronavirus infection "Omicron".
Such a statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the six-month vaccination period, taking into account the emergence of a new strain, "a very long period"
“Previously, this period was normal, but now it is better to perform the procedure after five months, and people with chronic diseases after four”, the expert said, calling for parallel to the vaccination campaign, to carry out re-vaccination.
Krychkov also noted that early re-vaccination provides a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
“If a person has received two vaccinations and a booster, or if they have recovered and been vaccinated, or if they have been vaccinated and recovered, then they have a “hybrid immunity”, that is, they have a lot of antibodies and neutralizing antibodies are sufficient”, the expert clarified.
The "Big Seven" warn Russia of "massive consequences" if it invades Ukraine
The countries of the G7 (the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Canada, the United States, France, and Japan) published a statement following the meeting of the heads of foreign ministries in Liverpool.
It stresses that "military aggression" by Russia against Ukraine "will have far-reaching consequences and will cost Moscow dearly," but no specific measures are described in the document.
“We, the ministers of foreign affairs of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of Russia’s military build-up and aggressive rhetoric towards Ukraine,” the statement reads.
The ministers then call on Russia to "de-escalate, use diplomatic channels, and uphold its international commitments on transparency of military activities," as President Biden said during a video call with Russian President Putin on December 7.
We confirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements for the settlement of the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the foreign ministers of the "Big Seven" also say.
Any use of force to change borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have enormous consequences and serious consequences in response," they warn.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
We will intensify our cooperation in our common and comprehensive response," the statement also says.
Earlier in the day, the head of British diplomacy Elizabeth Truss said that Russia would face "serious consequences" if it invaded Ukraine.
She said the meeting showed "the unified voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of global GDP, and which very clearly made it clear that the invasion of Ukraine would have enormous consequences for Russia."
Pfizer vaccine found to be 32 times less effective against omicron variant
The efficacy of the vaccine from the company Pfizer-BioNTech against the omicron strain of the coronavirus is 32 times lower in comparison with other types of the disease.
Scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong have come to this conclusion, reports South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was deemed less effective based on the antiviral activity of citizens who received two doses of the COVID-19 drug.
“We see that most people had high levels of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2, but this ability was significantly reduced against the Omicron variant,” Professor Malik Payis said.
At the same time, scientists stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way of protecting against a severe course of the disease when infected with the coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine forecast the development of the coronavirus pandemic, taking into account the influence of the omicron strain.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain may cause a new wave of circulation of the virus and an increase in mortality if additional measures are not taken.
Ukraine's Defense Minister Accuses Germany of Blocking NATO Weapons Supplies to Kyiv
Ukraine's Defense Minister Oleksiy Reznikov accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking Ukraine's purchase of lethal weapons within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Rезников reminded that Germany vetoed the purchase of Ukraine’s anti-sniper systems and anti-drone rifles last month.
At the same time, it is noted that Berlin later softened its stance on rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Defense Minister, Kyiv intends to acquire the above-mentioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, it is about the USA, Great Britain, Lithuania, and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the new German government under Chancellor Olaf Scholz's leadership remains unclear on the issue of permitting arms exports to Ukraine.
Earlier on Sunday, the Ukrainian ambassador to Germany, Andriy Melnyk, expressed the opinion that Kyiv should not expect weapons deliveries from Berlin under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous German government explained its refusal to provide weapons by the risk of escalating the conflict in the Donbass region, despite the "occupation by Russia" of a part of Ukrainian territory.
Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor, the diplomat is sure.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kiev expects help from Berlin in equipping its naval fleet.
Ukraine expects Germany to be a "technical partner" of Ukraine, the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year, the co-chair of the German Green Party, Robert Habeck, visited the republic, where he called for the sale of defensive weapons to Kyiv.
Sergei NOSOV 2, no, poor vision is not to blame.
Do I need to type "I" instead of "E"?
To put in a lot of commas?
Here you go writing instead of writing.
No, you are an illiterate person.
And for a philologist, this is a disgrace.
Fishing Game Set: e/f light, sound, complete with game field, 2 fishing rods, 5 figures, 3AA batteries not included, carrying case.
Electrified fishing for children is a fun and useful toy for the development of children.
Playing will help the child to train the fine motor skills of their hands, develop agility, accuracy and attention.
Once the toy is turned on, 5 miniature fish begin to swim quickly across the imitation pond to a cheerful tune.
The child's task is to catch them all!
The game can be played alone or in pairs: the set includes 2 fishing rods.
The toy runs on 3 AA batteries at 1.5V (not included).
The size of the playing field (length x width x height) is 21 x 17 x 4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3+
In Moscow, the winners of the Arsenyev Prize were named - Russian Gazette
The solemn award ceremony for the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Prize "Dalny Vostok" took place.
The V. K. Arseniev competition took place in Moscow.
As reported on the award’s Instagram page, a total of 89 applications were received by the organising committee this season.
63 were selected.
The regions with the highest number of submitted works were Primorsky and Khabarovsky Krai – 13 and 11 applications respectively.
More than 60 works were nominated for the award in three categories: "Long Prose", "Short Prose", and "Children's Prose".
Nine works were shortlisted – three in each category.
Alexander Filkin (Primorye Territory) won the Long Prose category with his book “The Inscription on the Gospel”.
The award was presented to the winner by the Deputy Prime Minister - Plenipotentiary Representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the DFO, Yuri Trutnev.
In the category of short prose, the best was recognised as Lyubov Bezbakh (Sakhalin region) with the work “Whisper of the Night Rain”.
She received the award from the hands of the Russian Minister for the Development of the Far East and Arctic, Alexey Chekunkov.
In the category of children’s prose, the winner was the writer from Buryatia, Nina Belomostnova, and her “Golden Thread”.
The author was awarded by the screenwriter, writer, Candidate of Philological Sciences and Chairman of the Jury of the Prize, Andrey Gelasimov.
All winners will receive 500,000 rubles.
We remind you that within the framework of the Far East award, the authors of the best works on the Far East theme are awarded.
The main task of the award is not only to reward the winners and tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest to the Far East, as a territory of priority development in the 21st century.
Novels, short stories, collections of short stories, novellas, and memoirs are all eligible.
The author’s place of residence is not important, the main thing is to write in Russian.
The official website of the award: https://premiaarsenyeva.ru/.
Skillet, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble, 4278884.
Kukmara "marble" cookware is made of cast aluminum and coated with an innovative marble-based water-based anti-stick coating enhanced with super-hard mineral particles.
Features of the "Marble" series.
The thickness of the walls and bottom excludes the deformation of the body, guarantees durability, provides the necessary strength of the coating.
The high-strength, non-stick, water-based marble coating is reinforced with super-hard mineral particles.
Environmentally safe non-stick coating without PFOA (perfluorocarbon acid).
Ideal heat distribution across the entire surface of the pot, long-lasting heat retention.
The ability to use minimal amounts of fat.
The non-stick marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees the exceptional durability of the coating in use.
Small scratches and minor abrasions on the surface of the kettle do not affect the properties of the non-stick coating and the durability of the utensils.
The products do not burn and retain their flavor.
The ability to prepare tasty and healthy food without adding oil, as on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
Easy to clean.
Compatible with all types of stoves, except induction.
It can be washed in a dishwasher.
The wall is made of 6 layers, the inner coating is called "marble".
A high-strength water-based non-stick coating enhanced with super-hard mineral particles.
A reinforced ground layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
Cast aluminium casing with a thickness of up to 6 mm.
The outer anti-stick coating is "marble".
Kukmara kitchenware will allow any housewife to turn the ordinary process of cooking into a pleasant and easy task.
A long time ago, I did the same thing.
United the hall with the kitchen.
The apartment is a three-room apartment.
It was.
Of course, the project, the permit, the new technical passport, all in accordance with the law.
A bookcase and a large wardrobe were installed in the hallway.
The kitchen door was blocked, and a lot of space was created.
Over the course of nearly 10 years living in this apartment, we have never once regretted our decision.
There were mistakes - instead of a bath, they installed a nice shower cubicle.
I have regretted it a thousand times!
I only recently realized that I love rum.
But the wonderful world of rum I have not yet discovered, except for Bacardi and Captain Morgan.
What else would you recommend, and where would you start this wonderful introduction?
I also had it.
I won't get vaccinated.
He came to the Black Sea for "rehabilitation."
Only the weather didn't cooperate...
The houses are beautiful, but normal birds won't settle in the bright houses, because they attract a lot of attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus, the paint and other chemical compounds will deter the birds.
Only natural materials and natural colours.
Thanks, I'll definitely try it.
And what does Japan have to do with it?
Thanks for the recipe.
What varieties of apples should be used in this recipe?
It really is tasty.
I add a little more of the onion and a green apple.
Try it.
Recently, the zombie box said that the production of automobiles is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, showing which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (presumably microcontrollers).
Russia was not on the list.
That's it!
In the USA, with their expensive workforce, it is profitable, but in Russia, it is not!
And my mother-in-law drove me crazy.
I miss her, she is not with us.
If I had seen the good in her, everything could have been different.
But apart from hatred, gossip, scandals, there is nothing else to remember.
I feel sorry for her, she lived her life in anger.
Mercedes lodged an appeal against the result of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi
The German team Mercedes, whose pilot Lewis Hamilton finished second in the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi behind the Red Bull driver Max Verstappen, filed a protest against the final result of the race, the Formula 1 press service reports.
Mercedes believes that during the race, the rules of Formula 1 were violated 48.12 and 48.8.
In the first case, the German team is contesting the decision of the judges to return the round racers to one lap behind the leaders.
According to the second, Verstappen overtook Hamilton before the permitted "restart" zone.
Additionally, the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen outperformed Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the Formula 1 World Championship is provisional, when the protests of Mercedes are not known.
G7 warns Russia of consequences for invasion of Ukraine
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, according to the final statement of the parties.
The participants also noted that they condemn the strengthening of Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
‘Russia should have no doubt that any further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs,’ the statement said.
The G7 ministers and the EU's top diplomat noted that they were "united in their condemnation of Russia's military buildup and aggressive rhetoric directed at Ukraine."
The UK's Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss warned of "significant consequences" for Russia if it invaded Ukraine at a press conference in Liverpool.
We have made it clear that any invasion will have significant consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to abandon its aggression against Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Earlier at the G7 summit in Liverpool, the foreign ministers of the G7 agreed that in order to resolve the crisis over Russia's troop build-up on the border with Ukraine, the parties must return to the negotiating table.
The talks were about negotiations in the Normandy format.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) also took part in the dialogue on Ukraine in the “Normandy format”.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that, by calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "signed up to their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Homsu Diamond belt.
The Diamond belt bag is perfect for sports, travel or just a stroll.
It's easy to take with you, it's roomy, made of durable and lightweight fabric.
The main compartment opens with a zipper, which can be done easily even while driving.
The stylish and bright design is perfect for those ladies who really have a taste for accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, which allows it to hold various items, from passports to mobile phones.
The material allows for easy cleaning of the belt bag using various household products.
For convenience, you can use a special regulator to adjust the size of the strap.
Ways to recover stolen money from online stores have been revealed
There are several ways to get money back from online stores that have been stolen, and to avoid becoming a victim of fraud in the future.
This was revealed by information security experts in an interview with RBC.
For example, to reduce the risk of large losses in the event that a bank card falls into the hands of a criminal, it is recommended to keep the main funds on the card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
Some savings can be deposited in a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend opening a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen from purchases made in stores that do not use 3D Secure technology, you can initiate a refund process.
“In accordance with the rules set by payment systems, liability for unauthorised transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure falls on the participant in the payment chain who does not use this service”, a representative of Promsvyazbank clarified.
Arthur Zaremba, an expert from international payment provider Ecommpay, emphasized that the buyer has the right to file a complaint with the bank within 120 days of the purchase to contest a fraudulent transaction.
In addition, if the criminal used the card on online resources that do not require two-factor authentication, the transaction can be contested and the money can be returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores themselves return the money to the client if the order has not yet been sent for delivery.
On November 19, the member of the Public Chamber, the director of the League of Safe Internet, Ekaterina Mizulina, reported that only in 2021, there were 11,000 complaints about different cases of fraud: from selling fake documents to stealing personal data.
According to her, an effective solution in the current circumstances could be the creation of a single window for complaints about online fraudsters.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2 and EU legislation
The newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migrant crisis on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops near the Ukrainian border, and the situation with the Russian Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline.
Although Scholz had expressed his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for a long time, the leaders of the two countries expressed their unambiguous expectations of each other.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would urge Scholz to oppose the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which is intended to deliver Russian gas to Germany around Ukraine.
According to Morawiecki, Russia can use the gas pipeline to exert political pressure on Europe.
In turn, Germany has supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin said it would help Warsaw and Brussels to resolve this crisis.
However, Poland's judicial system remains one of the points of contention.
The European Court has fined Poland for the judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing party "Law and Justice", which violate EU legislation.
Poland refused to pay the fine, and its top court ruled that national law takes precedence over EU rules.
The new German government sworn in on Wednesday, despite demands from Poland and the United States, did not take on public commitments to stop work on the Nord Stream 2 pipeline in the event of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
U.S. officials have told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany to halt the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior U.S. congressional aide said on Tuesday.
German officials have not confirmed the reports, but Scholz warned on Wednesday of the consequences if Russia invades Ukraine, and this position was confirmed by representatives of the "Big Seven" on Sunday.
Dmitry, look more closely.
The view outside is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
They removed the wall between the kitchen and the room, so you can see the second window.
Those who are not familiar with the initial layout are doubting.
And I know such apartments very well, and I can see how they have been redesigned.
Let it be good for them.
It always surprises me when they write about the means to clean the sink, the toilet, the window sill, the taps.
You wash them once a year, on Easter, that is, you have to wash them.
Just don't get dirty.
The Ministry of Communications and Information Technology wants to reward writers with residences
The future Foundation for the Support of Russian Literature will receive federal property inherited from the Union of Writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Its basis will be used to create writer’s residences, the “Parliamentary Gazette” reported in the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology, which will become the foundation’s founder.
The Ministry of Communications and Information Technology is preparing a presidential decree on the creation of the Fund for the Support of Russian Writers.
The explanatory note clarifies that the fund will be tasked, among other things, with caring for the targeted use and preservation of buildings and structures, once belonging to the Soviet Writers’ Union and the Literary Fund.
“A significant number of real estate assets previously belonging to the Literary Fund of the USSR, including those located in the Writers’ Village of Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad region, and others, have been transferred to the ownership of the Russian Federation,” the press service of the Ministry of Communications and Mass Media told the Parliamentary Gazette.
The project of the decree stipulates that the Foundation’s charter should reflect that it is “established for the purpose of supporting literary activity by creating the necessary conditions for the creative work of writers.”
“Creating conditions for creative activity means creating writer’s residences on the basis of the transferred property in different regions of Russia, which would provide comfortable conditions for creative work,” explained the Ministry of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media to our publication.
520 roubles for one tomato cut in half?
The cheese pastry is literally a sheet of dough from a pack for 550 rubles.
3 pieces of fish in a measuring cup for 570…
Yes, it looks delicious, but the price is just outrageous.
It seems that on Belorusskaya there are only rich people.
Doctors warn of the danger of prolonged use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Doctors Irina Yartseva and Sergey Tokarev warned of the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-thinning drugs after COVID-19 infection and before vaccination against COVID-19.
Irina Yartseva, a general practitioner and immunologist, said that independent prevention of possible thrombosis after COVID-19 may cause a stroke.
Yartseva explained that blood-thinning drugs are not for everyone, only if the patient was hospitalized, was in the hospital, and had complications.
The doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning drugs that prevent excessive formation of clots) as needed.
She said that now there is a lot of superstition - everyone is taking anticoagulants for a long time and getting complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (brain hemorrhage).
The chief prophylactologist of the UrFO, the scientific director of the Society of Specialists in Preventive Medicine, Dr. Sergey Tokarev, in a conversation with URA.RU, said that the unsystematic use of anticoagulants by Russians is now common, and before the vaccination against the coronavirus infection.
According to Dr Tokarev, citizens believe in dubious advice on the Internet and begin self-medication.
There are such citizens who, a week before the vaccination, start taking anticoagulants on their own.
And during the preliminary examination before the vaccination, doctors notice bruises.
He stressed that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without determining the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes named a superfood to protect against hypertension
Research has shown that regular consumption of this common and readily available vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases.
Potatoes are found in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements that contribute to the work of internal organs.
It helps with heart disease by improving circulation and lowering cholesterol, reports Semana.
Today, heart disease is the leading cause of premature death in people.
To improve the situation, you need not only to be treated, but also to eat properly.
In such a situation, ordinary potatoes will come to the rescue.
According to scientists, this root vegetable contains a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, and very important for the body vitamin C.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
Microelements help all internal systems of the body to work effectively.
In addition to this, the root vegetable fights against natural age-related changes in the body, and contains a lot of useful fiber for the digestive tract.
If consumed regularly, it can become a preventive measure against atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had such a case.
A lady came to look at the apartment.
I came from another city to show her.
The advertisement included detailed photos and a description of the apartment.
She was left extremely unhappy because there was no "glamorous" kitchen and "glamorous" balcony.
It seems that Tetka has nothing to do, so she is looking at other people’s apartments, while people are wasting their time.
About 145,000 teenagers have received the first component of the COVID-19 vaccine in Kazakhstan
Information about vaccination of teenagers, pregnant and breastfeeding women against the coronavirus in Kazakhstan has been published, MIA "Kazinform" reports, citing the Interdepartmental Commission for the Prevention of COVID-19.
Twenty people died of coronavirus and pneumonia in Kazakhstan in one day. 85 people in critical condition with coronavirus - Kazakhstan's Ministry of Health Most of the regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, 181,037 people have been vaccinated with the first component of the Pfizer vaccine, and 14,580 people have been vaccinated with the second component.
Of these, the first dose: teenagers - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, breastfeeding women - 25,779.
The second dose: teenagers - 10,690, pregnant women - 1,141, breastfeeding women - 2,749.
The plumber who found the money in the church wall will receive $20,000
The plumber who found the money in the wall of a church in the American state of Texas will be paid a reward.
This is reported in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident happened at a large evangelical church in Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Osteen preaches that faithful Christians will be rich and prosperous.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Cole was repairing one of the church's toilets when he found thousands of envelopes stuffed with cash and checks under the insulation.
He turned the find over to the church, he said, and did not receive even a thank-you from Austin.
I wanted to hear him say, "You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you did and what you could have done," KPRC-TV quoted him as saying.
It appears the find is connected to a theft that occurred at Lakewood's church seven years ago.
At that time, about $200,000 in cash and $400,000 in checks were stolen from the church's safe.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer any losses.
However, a reward of 25,000 dollars was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cole couldn't claim the amount as the award was no longer valid.
Despite that, the nonprofit Crime Stoppers of Houston, which had previously offered a $5,000 reward and later received a $20,000 donation from Lakewood Church, decided to reward the plumber's honesty.
He will receive $20,000.
Earlier it was reported that the police had questioned Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is her character "as a real person".
Therefore, the attitude towards her is so negative.
And it’s not that she is “financially significantly richer than all the other writers” as they write here.
There are people who are richer than her, but not all of them behave so arrogantly, so provocatively.
Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1 mattress, size 190x190.
Spring orthopedic mattress Soft Cocos 1.
The base is a TFK (256 springs per square meter) block.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load.
The filling is made of coconut fibre (a material made from the fibres of the coconut palm).
Between the filling and the spring block, there are layers of felt.
Both sides of the medium-firm mattress.
Jacquard removable cover: 5% cotton, 95% polyester.
The fabric density is 116 g/m².
Again, simply and delicious.
I was looking for chicken recipes on your page.
We were given a chicken.
They grew it in their own garden.
It weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to make it tastier.
I want to find a recipe for chicken, baked in pieces in beer.
Have you tried that?
I trust you more than just recipes from the Internet.
A new case of human infection with avian influenza virus has been reported in China
A new case of human infection with a highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N6 virus has been reported in China.
This was reported by the radio station RTHK, citing a notice from the Hong Kong Department of Health, TASS reports.
The 68-year-old resident of Huizhou city in southern Guangdong province, who kept poultry at home, was infected with the disease.
His condition is described as critical by doctors.
The first human infection with the H5N6 virus was recorded in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens are required to present vaccination passports upon entering the country
In Brazil, a judge of the Federal Supreme Court of Brazil (STF), Luis Roberto Barroso, ordered the requirement of a COVID-19 passport for those entering the country.
CNN Brasil reports this.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from having to present a vaccination certificate.
People arriving from countries where the vaccine has been proven not to exist are also excluded from the list.
“The situation is even more serious if you consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year’s, pre-carnival and carnival parties, as well as other events, which means an increase in tourist flow,” Barroso said.
Earlier, the authorities of Brazil obliged unvaccinated tourists against coronavirus infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
The full protection scheme from COVID-19 has been revealed
Dr. Anatoly Altstein, a virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, and a Honored Scientist of the Russian Federation, spoke to Ura.ru about the full protection from coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by injecting the vaccine and applying a nasal vaccine.
When administered intranasally, large amounts of IgA are formed. This does not happen when the vaccine is administered by injection.
IgA antibodies protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot enter the body.
And inside us, after vaccination, the most immunoglobulins G (antibodies) are formed.
And if you get both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision on double vaccination", the medic said.
Sergey Tokarev, the chief prophylactologist of the UrFo, a doctor of medical sciences, in turn, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination in conjunction with injectional vaccination is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this would help, as in such a case, the body's defense should become maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod Region, David Melik-Guseynov, said that the new wave of the COVID-19 pandemic would be caused by the spread of the new coronavirus infection among children.
According to him, this is exactly the picture that is observed in other countries where the next wave of the pandemic came earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I talked to the bitch (she died a long time ago) like this - if you are ready to exchange a warm home, feeding, affection, love and games for a bitch in heat, then go ahead.
But the pesel was trained and, in general, a smart guy.
He chose my society and went home.
In the video, the method that works in 90% of cases.
It was not taken from the ceiling, believe me.
I slowed down many owners so that they wouldn't run after the dog, although they said, "Look, 200,000 are running away (pomskies), I just took their hand and led them in a different direction.
In the end, "200,000" chose the owner, not the dog that was running somewhere.
Mass protests against vaccination continue in Europe
In the Austrian capital Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed their dissatisfaction with the restrictions and the government's plans to make vaccination against COVID-19 mandatory.
From February next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
Spaniards angered by the government's health policy held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held placards with the slogans "This is a false pandemic," "I will not be vaccinated."
A large protest against health passes took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, the covid-certificate is mandatory to access bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and night-time entertainment venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was taken by the authorities of various regions of the country amid the increase in the number of cases of infection with the coronavirus.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand protesters demonstrated against tightening restrictions and QR codes.
The demonstration began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with the police.
A group of demonstrators began throwing stones at the police.
In response, police officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S. even in Wikipedia there is no consensus.
Kashchavarova-Rudneva is also described as "the first Russian doctor of medicine", probably because she started her studies earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve that title.
I agree with Zakharova on one thing: the Americans brought only death and plunder to any country they appeared in.
Lonax Cocos TFK mattress 130x185.
Symmetrical mattress with natural coconut coir on a TFK spring block.
The mattress is firm, with both sides lined with layers of natural coconut.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs TFK.
Independent springs contribute to the correct distribution of the load, help the body to take its natural shape.
Natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, and has excellent air exchange.
The cover is made of natural jacquard - dense, durable, pleasant to the touch.
It's sad and lonely to grow old alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad to read about it.
A person should live as long as they can take care of themselves and not be a burden to anyone.
All the best.
The WHO has already found "Omicron" in dozens of countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) said that the new strain of the coronavirus, "Omicron", has already been detected in 63 countries.
A number of experts have already said that the spread of the new strain could have catastrophic consequences.
The WHO reported on the spread of the strain.
According to the organization, as of December 9, the strain has been detected in 63 countries, in all six WHO regions.
This, despite the fact that it became active only at the end of November.
The WHO also expressed concern about the rapid spread of the new variant of the coronavirus.
The WHO experts are concerned that the new strain may overtake the Delta strain, also known as the Indian variant, which is currently leading in all countries without exception.
Before that, Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the Director-General of the World Health Organization, said that the omicron strain could have a significant impact on the course of the coronavirus pandemic.
Similar conclusions were also reached in the UK.
Experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "Omicron" will replace "Delta" in the coming months.
And the number of those infected in the UK alone will be around 1 million. This is despite the fact that there are currently several hundred people in the UK who are officially infected with omicron, and up to 10,000 according to estimates.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the "Omicron" strain, and at the peak, more than 2,000 people will be taken to hospitals every day.
Britain's health system will not be able to cope with this.
The situation is complicated by the fact that, according to the latest studies, the effectiveness of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against the "Omicron" strain is 32 times lower than against other types of the disease.
It is not yet known how the Russian "Sputnik V" vaccine reacts to the "Omicron" variant - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has only just begun testing the Russian vaccine on the "Omicron" strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of ageing?
It would be better to see the execution of your exercises.
It is unclear in the first exercise how to do it: sitting on your heels or standing on your knees, as written, but then how to put your hands on your hips?
Or hands on the waist?
Curious Squirrel, you are right, communication in the Internet is completely different, they communicate easily and uninhibitedly, but when they meet in person, they have nothing to say.
And in person, it's not what you expected, and it doesn't grab you - that's where the attitude comes from.
When he meets his person, then the views will change.
And again, the Soviet era is called the “time of demons”.
Then people believed in God much more honestly than they do today.
And they were brought up pretty much in accordance with God’s laws (love your neighbor, don’t steal, etc.).
What is the ideology today - money at any cost.
Believers like Globa are few and far between, but even if so, the time of the Devil came in the 1990s...
Our Leningrad communal flat on Bolshaya Zeleninaya is still in touch.
Of course, we are not the closest of friends, but we try to maintain a warm relationship with the older generation.
Maybe it’s because there were no guests, the rooms weren’t rented out, and the blockade brotherhood hasn’t been cancelled.
Sadly, we are seeing each other more and more at funerals.
Lara Angelica, leave me alone!
Human babies, especially males, are strong, active, energetic, and boisterous, just like their little "siblings" in the natural world!
It's a shame that they're not as soft as puppies or kittens, so bruises, bumps, scratches - it's par for the course, and not a boomerang!
And for what?
Did he push his brother too hard?
And you are always so dexterous that you have never accidentally hurt anyone and have never injured yourself?
SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm mattress.
The Bonnell spring mattress Wave Space BS (Wave Space BS) has medium firmness on both sides.
The mattress’s comfort layers are a combination of coconut fibre and artificial latex with a textured surface - ErgoFoam.
The cover of the product is made of cotton, of jacquard weave.
It is durable, wear-resistant, and at the same time allows air to pass through, without interfering with the ventilation of the mattress.
The cover is quilted with synthetic fiber, which gives it softness.
A practical mattress for the bedroom.
The coconut husk has antimicrobial properties, it is hard and evenly distributes the weight on it.
The artificial latex with a perforated surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
The Bonnell spring mattress, where springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it can withstand large loads, and is suitable for couples with a small weight difference.
The perimeter of the mattress is reinforced with a PPUR box, which prolongs the service life of the mattress and protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli PM Bennett announces start of vaccinations in schools
Israel's health ministry is launching an emergency program to increase vaccinations from Sunday.
On December 12, vaccination against coronavirus was carried out in schools all over Israel.
Prime Minister of the Jewish State, Naftali Bennett, announced at today's cabinet meeting that the issue of vaccinating the fourth dose of citizens at risk will also be examined.
Mass vaccination of the population against the coronavirus COVID-19 began in Israel on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are being vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine.
Since January 10 last year, vaccinated people began to receive the second dose.
Vaccination of children aged 12-15 started in this country at the beginning of June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of the vaccine, and more than 4.12 million citizens have received the third dose.
Anna Gauher, well, the tick won't crawl into the trap, it's an arachnid, as Liala said.
In any case, I don't see a tick.
But I'm curious, maybe there is?
We need to give him something else to tempt him with
Dimax Genius 70x190 kids mattress
A two-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coconut fibre on the basis of an independent spring block EVS500.
A latex and coconut fibre children's mattress on an independent coil spring base.
Natural latex is a soft, elastic material that is eco-friendly, hypoallergenic, and has excellent properties that make sleep as comfortable as possible.
The reverse side of the medium-firm mattress is comfortable, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
The mattress is based on a block of independent springs.
The springs distribute the load evenly and accurately across the mattress, supporting the body in its natural position.
A great option for school children and teenagers.
The cover is made of polycotton.
The material is durable and wear-resistant, and is not subject to abrasion.
In Brazil, seven people have died as a result of flooding
At least seven people have died and 175 have been injured as a result of powerful rains that have hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and the neighboring state of Minas Gerais.
This was reported by TASS, citing the rescue services.
In the middle of the week, an extratropical cyclone was raging on the border of these states, which resulted in the region receiving 450 mm of rainfall. In 25 municipalities in the state of Bahia, a state of emergency has been declared, and in some of them, flooding has become the most destructive in 35 years.
Several bridges have been destroyed by the elements, two river dams have been damaged, and traffic has been disrupted on three highways.
According to the rescuers, about 5,700 people were left without a roof, and another 6,700 were forced to leave their homes.
The damage caused by the natural disaster affected more than 85,000 residents of the region.
Nika Lerman, I know the Levo-Mekol cream, I work with medicines.
It is good for inflammation.
To me, personally, for the regeneration of superficial wounds and scrapes, I prefer Bepanten, but you know better what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is going, such a hole was, it was horrible.
Hello, Spain, you didn't hear me and you didn't understand me.
I will answer with the lines of M. Isakovsky: "The migratory birds fly away\nIn search of the past summer.
They fly to warm countries, but I don't want to fly, I want to stay with you, my dear side!
I don't need anyone else's sun, and I don't need anyone else's land."
And believe me, the photos from the park where I skied, or from my city, will be just as good.
It would have been much more interesting to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Maped (France) Color'peps Twist wax crayons, 12 colors, twist-up, in plastic case.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twist-up pencil.
They don't crumble, they don't stain hands, and they are completely safe.
They do not require sharpening.
Body made of high-quality, durable plastic.
Reusable packaging: zippered bag.
Apps cost $135 billion - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in apps grew by 25% worldwide, while downloads grew by 8%.
The most popular in the world turned out to be various video services.
The most downloaded app was CapCut, and the most spent was on YouTube.
The number of downloads of applications and user spending in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
Downloads grew 8% to 140 billion, while user spending in apps soared 25% to a record $135 billion.
Such data was published by the analytical company App Annie, which presented a report on the mobile application market in 2021.
In 2021, the world economy emerged from lockdown and began post-pandemic recovery.
“Will such a ‘return to physical’ growth slow down the economy of apps? Not at all,” the authors of the report say.
India is the leader in terms of the number of downloads of applications: it accounts for about 20% of all downloads.
Following are the United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
iOS users spent more than Android users, as they have in the past: iOS accounted for 65% of all spending in apps.
Among the applications, the first place for the number of downloads in 2021 was taken by the video editor CapCut.
It is followed by two Indian apps: video service MX TakaTak and online shopping app Meesho.
Telegram is also in the top 10 in terms of downloads.
In general, if judged by the number of downloads, VPN services (there are two in the top 10 - VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and video-related services (in addition to CapCut and MX TakaTak, there are two more in the top 10 - Moj and SnackVideo) are popular among users.
Users spent the most time in live-streaming and online-streaming apps, according to the report's authors.
Leading the way here is YouTube, with TikTok, streaming video services Disney+ and HBO Max, and the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma rounding out the top five.
Telegram, Instagram, Zoom and TikTok are the first places in terms of the number of monthly active users. The top five is rounded off by the mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, AliExpress, an online shopping app, was the leader in terms of downloads in 2018.
Following them are Zenly, which shows the location of friends, and the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 apps are: the online karaoke app StarMaker, the online fashion retailer Shein, the Maps for Minecraft PE app, the DiDi online taxi ordering service, the Pure Tuber YouTube client, the Dixi retailer app, and the Samokat online store.
People around the world have adapted to the pandemic by going mobile, which is one of the key takeaways.
The industries that have seen the greatest success have been those that have helped people get closer, both virtually and in person," said Lexi Sydow, head of market intelligence at App Annie, commenting on the results of the report.
The mobile games sector generated $90 billion in revenue in 2021. Leading the way in terms of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games, which have little or no storyline and minimal video presentation.
Count Masters, Project Makeover and Bridge Race are in the top three most popular games in the world.
In Russia, the games that are most popular are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls and Phone Case DIY.
Earlier, App Annie presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends for next year, the company's analysts named the growth of the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, the growth of the popularity of financial applications among Generation Z, for example, the Robinhood investment application, as well as the further growth of the popularity of metaverse mobile games.
Clan De File Dog Treats with Beef, 30 x 40g
100% natural beef jerky treats for dogs of all breeds and ages.
Clan De File - meat fillet for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
Natural dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
The only protein used in the preparation is beef.
This reduces the risk of food allergies, so the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The treat's core ingredient is meat fillet, processed in accordance with the quality standards used in the preparation of food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily intake: not more than 10% of the daily intake of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Ingredients: Beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians warned about a new scam
The scammers have started looking for new ways to commit fraud in video messages.
The Izvestia newspaper reports this, citing experts.
According to Ivideon’s Director of Products, Zaur Abutalimov, the main danger associated with the spread of video communications is deepfakes.
In this case, the fraudsters create a fake video based on real recordings featuring the victim.
Thanks to this, neural networks are able to reproduce the characteristics of the behavior of a particular person exactly.
Abu-Talimov added that using a deepfake, criminals can call a victim's acquaintances via video chat or create a video featuring a copy of the person for the purpose of extortion.
“Such forgeries can easily incite bullying, as a savvy perpetrator can place people in ridiculous, dangerous or compromising fake scenarios,” the expert said.
Systems engineer at Varonis, Alexander Vetkol, also noted that people are more likely to trust others when they can see them.
He stressed that this may create specific risks in the case of video technologies.
David, I'll add.
In what I have written above, I have focused on the fact that all of this was bought in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow people to wear a lot of makeup and wear short skirts, show stockings and tights on their legs.
It's a province, but there was such a product in the store.
In the big cities, Muslim women dyed their hair and showed their legs.
That's how it is in Dushanbe, it's a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are many fashionistas, but the same cosmetics are not available.
Five actions that can help avoid diabetes
Diabetes is one of the most common problems in the world.
However, some people don't take this seriously enough, and that's a shame.
Diabetes can eventually lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures play the main role in preventing the formation of diseases.
Doctors recommend changing your drinking habits - reducing the number of different drinks and switching to plain water has a positive effect on metabolism.
Sweet foods raise blood sugar to dangerous levels when consumed in excess.
So the first step on the road to a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and keeping them at home.
The disease is not only caused by an unhealthy diet, but also by habits.
To reduce the risk of diabetes, it is necessary to move a lot.
Experts recommend following a low-carb diet.
Such a diet not only helps to lose weight, but also protects from sudden fluctuations in blood sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat a lot of fiber.
Fibers fill the stomach and thus contribute to the feeling of satiety, the secretion of digestive juices, and the absorption of food.
Seeds of tomatoes GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, art. no. 4241014.
A low-growing, early-maturing beef tomato with abundant cropping for growing outdoors and under temporary plastic coverings.
The plant is determinate, with short internodes.
The fruits are large, deep red in colour, fairly firm, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, and store well.
The flesh is juicy, with a sweet taste.
The hybrid is resistant to a complex of diseases.
Recommended for salads, appetizers and slicing.
Seedlings: at the end of March - beginning of April.
Picking - at the stage of the first true leaf.
Transplanting seedlings into greenhouses - in May.
After planting in open ground, the plants are formed and tied up.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
This freezer has an A energy efficiency rating, which means it uses significantly less electricity when in use.
The freezer is well suited for both a private home and an apartment thanks to the use of high-quality low-noise compressors and excellent noise insulation.
The camera is not louder than a normal fridge.
The Quick Freeze function freezes foods in the shortest time possible, preserving as much nutrients as possible.
The Slavda FC-160 freezer cabinet is classified as N/ST, which allows it to work without problems at temperatures of up to +38 degrees Celsius in the room.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr Pavlova talks about "weekend migraine" for workaholics
Several factors can lead to deterioration of health on weekends
The reason for deteriorating health after a day of work is often "weekend migraine", said a well-known endocrinologist, a candidate of medical sciences, a senior researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of MGU, and the scientific director of the Systemic Medicine Clinic, Zukhra Pavlova, in her telegram-channel.
According to her, this is especially common among workaholics, who experience headaches, fatigue, and weakness on the weekends.
Dr Pavlova noted that, in addition to the accumulated fatigue over the course of a week, there are plenty of objective reasons for the body’s negative reaction to changing conditions.
On weekends, our lives change fundamentally.
We sleep a lot, we spend the whole day on the sofa, we probably eat more and drink less, - the doctor reasoned. - Due to the lack of coffee, there is a small withdrawal.
Due to overeating and lack of water, there is heaviness and fatigue."
An additional role is played by the late rise.
So, if you get up three hours later than usual, you will experience what is called jet lag.
It occurs in travelers who cross multiple time zones.
To determine which factor is playing the most significant role in the worsening of symptoms, Pavlova recommended keeping track of what is changing the most on the weekends.
Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 mattress, 130x185.
The enhanced perimeter of high-density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
The mattress "Optimal Hard S1000" with different sides of firmness, the overall height of the mattress is 23 cm.
The maximum weight allowed on one sleeping place is 140 kg.
The mattress is based on an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per sleeping place).
Each spring is in a separate fabric pouch, which allows the weight of the body to be evenly distributed.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of wool is added, separating the mattress filling and the springs.
On one side of the mattress is a 2 cm layer of coconut fibre, which provides additional firmness and durability to the mattress.
Cotton jacquard, quilted with 2 cm of artificial latex and 1 cm of Hollcon, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress is a 1 cm layer of coconut coir and a layer of wool.
The fabric has been treated with a special antibacterial treatment, Sanitized (Sweden).
The treatment provides complete destruction of mould spores, prevents the growth of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is fitted with four convenient handles for turning, as well as air vents for additional ventilation of the layers.
South African scientists say Pfizer vaccine is ineffective against "omicron"
South Africa says Pfizer vaccine against "Omicron" variant is ineffective
Scientists from South Africa conducted a study and reported on the low effectiveness of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of the coronavirus infection.
According to estimates, it (the neutralization level of "Omicron") corresponds to (the effectiveness of the vaccine) of 22.5% against infection, which... casts doubt on the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection, according to the text of the study published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from a severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron variant of the coronavirus could cause a new wave of the pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in our everyday foods?
Sugar is not the best source of nutrients.
His excess in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should be aware that an unknown ingredient in a product may be a hidden sugar - an ingredient similar to sugar in calories, composition and glycemic index.
The label may list dozens of names, in effect, for sugar.
Some of the most common and frequently occurring names are glucose and fructose.
Other digested sugars may also be present, such as dextrose (corn sugar), fructose (fruit sugar), maltodextrin (corn syrup), honey, agave syrup, etc.
These are simple carbohydrates, which are mono- and disaccharides, and they can be found not only in candy, but also in ketchup, doctors' sausage, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar intake is to eat whole and unprocessed foods, as well as pay attention to the label and the many different names for sugar.
Different types of sugar have different tastes, but no matter what the ingredient is called in a product - syrup or nectar, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it's still sugar.
It is not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, as it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the packaging, but also the fact that fruits, vegetables, etc. initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
As such, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than what is indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany in 25 years
Germany's new Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that gas imports are losing importance for Germany as the country continues its transition to a decarbonized economy.
According to him, Germany plans to become a climate-neutral country by 2045, and to achieve this, it will completely abandon gas, oil, and coal.
“So, 25 years from now, the world will be such that the question of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role,” the Chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to maintain its commitment to Ukraine transporting Russian natural gas in the future, as this resource is important for the energy transition at the moment.
He reminded that Germany and the United States made a statement in which the support of Berlin for the energy transformation of Ukraine was fixed.
Earlier, the head of the German Foreign Ministry, Annalena Baerbock, said that the certification process for the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline continues.
According to the minister, within the framework of coalition negotiations and the discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that energy projects should be subject to European energy law.
The diplomat also noted that the pipeline does not yet meet the requirements of the European Union.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
I had to go there in 1985.
I can still vividly remember the rise of ChMEZ from the station of Kanatchikovo to the hill, past the old building (resembling a post of centralization, two-storey), along Kanatchikovo Street, and turning right onto Vavilov Street to the factory gates...
Hackers break into PM Modi's Twitter account
Hackers have broken into the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The perpetrators managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India had allegedly recognized Bitcoin as a legal payment method, and that the country had already purchased cryptocurrency.
In Modi's office, they were asked to ignore the new messages.
Representatives of the prime minister said that Twitter reacted quickly - access to the account was restored.
The Prime Minister of India's page was hacked in 2020, and the hackers called for donations to a charity using cryptocurrency.
New Caledonia referendum sees majority vote against independence
In New Caledonia, the third referendum held on December 12 ended with the same result as the two previous.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12, at noon, the majority of the inhabitants of New Caledonia voted during the referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote was significantly lower than in the two previous ones.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755) of those who voted were in favour of independence for New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted against.
The turnout was 43.90%, more than 80,000 residents of New Caledonia took part in the elections.
As France-Presse reports, "the outcome of these elections was never in doubt," as pro-independence supporters urged voters to stay away from the polls.
As the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, believing that the new outbreak of COVID-19 on the archipelago prevented a full-fledged and "fair" election campaign.
Thus, this non-participation paved the way for the third victory of the supporters of the French New Caledonia, after the referendums held in November 2018 and in October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of residents voted against independence, and in 2020, 53.3%.
The separatists said they do not recognise the results of the last vote and will contest them at the UN.
According to the Elysee Palace on Sunday, December 12, the President of France, Emmanuel Macron, is expected to make a speech on the results of this referendum.
The issue of New Caledonia's independence has dominated the last few weeks of the French presidential campaign.
A few presidential candidates have come out in favor of keeping the territory in French hands because it is "the last European Union presence in the Pacific."
New Caledonia must remain French, Eric Zemmour has repeatedly said.
Republican candidate Valerie Pecresse, who published an op-ed in Le Figaro at the end of October urging Californians to remain French, also made the same statement.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Premier Jean Castex, on his part, expressed "a strong desire that the choice of the Scots be a choice for France."
Hey, hey, hello!
I've been a little... a lot of a bitch, and I'm still embarrassed and ashamed.
Thank you for not turning away from my channel.
On the subject: I'm not an artist, I like to draw, but it's inspired drivel.
But as an artist – he’s not an artist at all: what would you change?
Just don't forget that the food was NATURAL, so obesity was not so widespread as it is now.
But medicine was at zero – leeches, garlic and infusions.
Now, they would be put on their feet in an instant.
And the food has nothing to do with it.
Turkey tests world's first drone with laser weapon
In Turkey, successful tests were carried out of the world's first drone armed with laser weapons.
The drone "Eren" was tested at distances of 100 to 500 meters, reports MIR24.
The device is able to neutralize explosive objects at a distance with the help of a laser.
The maximum altitude of the new model is 3,000 m.
After passing the relevant tests, the drone should be put into service by the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without the need for sappers.
The agency stresses that Turkey is among the six countries in the world that can develop and produce their own drones.
I was cutting the sturgeon into steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and ground cinnamon.
Sometimes I add cloves, they don't interfere.
He put the bowl in a deep dish, and covered it with a plate.
Well, that's it.
And why do I need this salmon, for such money, the herring is a great fish.
Bread, butter, herring.
Amazing sandwich.
WSJ readers slam article on US-Russia relations
Wall Street Journal readers criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the article expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine to Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger emanating from Moscow, and made a number of insulting remarks about Russian President Vladimir Putin.
At the end, Hartwell called on Western countries to "stand united against Russia."
WSJ readers expressed their disagreement with the position of the American professor.
“There is a lot of false information in this article,” one of the readers commented, according to RIA Novosti.
Europe is not ours to lose, and Ukraine is not our land.
The United States and NATO allies will never enter a nuclear war with Russia over Ukraine," another said.
Patches can also be applied to the lips.
The hydrogel used in Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides enhanced absorption and delivery of the high-concentration natural plant essence, adheres tightly to the skin and gives a cooling sensation.
When feeding nutrients to the skin, the hydrogel minimizes the accompanying loss of moisture and allows the essence to penetrate deep into the skin.
SONEX 2085/EL Remote Controlled Ceiling Light
The NORES 2085/EL lamp consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The diffuser material is of high quality acrylic in white matte finish, which provides the luminaire with even diffusion and good light transmission.
The lamp shade is square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric pattern, decorated with transparent points, which give the lit lamp a beautiful "twinkling" and iridescence effect.
The IP43 degree of protection allows the luminaire to be used in certain areas of wet rooms.
The set includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 W, which corresponds to a 520 W incandescent lamp.
Also, a remote control, which allows for smooth adjustment of the color temperature of 3000-6000K, adjustment of brightness, and switching to the warm/white/cold/night light mode.
Uria's Mask for Face Hydrating Thermal Night 50 ml.
Ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with the effect of fresh, rejuvenated and glowing skin in the morning!
The real "thermal bath" for dehydrated skin!
Toning, smoothing the texture of the skin and restoring the skin barrier.
Very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
A great way to care for the skin after sun exposure!
Hypoallergenic.
Earthquake with a magnitude of 5.2 occurred in the Kuril Islands area
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.2 occurred near the Shikotan Island in the Kuril Islands.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 km northeast of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The epicenter was located at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake of magnitude 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he had been born into a poor American family and tried to make a name for himself, his petit bourgeois mindset would have been lost.
It's good to come to America as a famous person.
And if you were born there, you wouldn't know what you would fight for.
So he wasted his time by throwing mud, bile and poison at the construction, the fairest of which has yet to be invented.
Ukraine to start producing new-generation unmanned aerial vehicles
In the new Ukrainian-Turkish plant, they will start creating ANKA-type unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs).
On December 11, Alexei Arestovich, an adviser to the head of the Ukrainian President’s Office, reported this.
In other words, they are capable of acting against air targets, against other drones.
Even against piloted aircraft.
They will be fitted with Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish avionics: the fuselage and so on", Dialog.ua quotes him as saying.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA drones, Arestovich said that they are not piston-powered drones, but rather rocket-powered ones.
According to him, this new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which exceeds it in all respects.
The first batch of drones should be produced by the plant at the end of next year, concluded Arestovich.
The ANKA aircraft was created by the Turkish Space Agency in February 2014.
The development of the drone was carried out by the Turkish government in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The day before, the Ukrainian General Staff classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during the military operations of the United Forces in Donbass.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced that the construction of a plant for the production of modern military drones had begun in the country.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement to build a center in the Kyiv region where personnel would be trained, as well as tests and maintenance of Turkish Bayraktar drones.
The press service of the Ukrainian leader’s office called this memorandum “a big real step forward.”
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
Lions have escaped from the Changi airport in Singapore.
The Straits Times reports this.
Two predators managed to escape from a container with seven lions that arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it is not known from which country they were brought to Singapore, and where they were headed.
One of the escaped lions lay on top of a shipping container.
The animals could not get away from it because a protective net had been set up nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival of staff from the Mandai Wildlife Group, which oversees all Singaporean zoos.
They tranquilized the lions with darts and plan to transport them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that a lion had escaped from its owner and was roaming the streets of Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia.
The animal voluntarily returned home the same day, and no one was hurt.
Experts warn of cancer risk from vitamin B9
Research suggests that excess vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, can cause cancer.
This was warned by the Daily Express.
Experts say there is strong evidence that people who are not deficient in folic acid are less likely to develop certain types of cancer, including colorectal.
However, exceeding the necessary dose, on the contrary, promotes the growth of cancer cells.
Professor of Nutrition at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, dietitian Beth Kitutchin advises to watch the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The risk of cancer increases only if you significantly deviate from this number in either direction.
Kitchin advises not to take vitamin B9 in tablet form without a doctor's recommendation, to watch the dosage and to avoid cereals with milk and other foods that contain folic acid.
Previously, nutritionist Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Among other things, it is found in avocado, and Fain recommended that men over 50 eat this fruit more often.
In the UK, up to 75,000 people could die by April due to the omicron variant
British scientists predict that up to 75,000 people could die in England in the next five months due to the spread of the omicron strain of the coronavirus, if the restrictions are not tightened in winter.
The Guardian newspaper reported this, citing an expert study by the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), as TASS reports.
According to the most optimistic forecast of the experts who are part of the Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies at the British Cabinet Office, by April 2022, at least 25,000 people in the country will have died as a result of the omicron strain, and about 175,000 patients will have been hospitalized.
At the peak of the epidemic, the hospitals will be accepting more than 2,000 infected persons daily.
Serious measures to tackle the coronavirus may be needed to prevent the NHS becoming overwhelmed if the omicron variant turns out to be more infectious than the delta variant, and existing vaccines cannot prevent infections, said Rosanna Barnard, a mathematician at LSHTM.
Earlier, the UK Health Security Agency informed that if the spread rate of the omicron strain remains at the current level, then by the end of the year, about 1 million cases of infection will be detected in the country.
At the same time, by the middle of December, the omicron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
There have been 1,898 cases of the Omicron variant of coronavirus in the UK so far, of which 633 were detected in the last 24 hours.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, pointed out that in reality this figure may already be 10,000 cases.
I wanted to write a smart comment, but I got to this point:
“A fur coat, obtained as a result of the unimaginable suffering of the unfortunate animal and its employment on a second job.”
And she fell under the table!
So, the "unfortunate animal" is the husband, and I thought it was a guinea pig!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Kraus, judging by the dislikes, you are not expressing your thoughts very clearly to most people.
What did you have in mind - that those who are on Instagram are pretending or that they all manage to do everything, because there is no need to pretend?
The SZ is like a clothing store, everything that didn't sell in the past ends up here.
If you set yourself a goal and dig around a bit, you can find something worthwhile.
You just have to be patient and know what you're looking for.
Global demand for superyachts has risen by a quarter
Superyacht construction and orders for next year are breaking records worldwide despite calls to reduce carbon footprints and fight climate change.
The number of ordered yachts in the World Register of Ships amounted to 1,200 units – 25% more than in the previous year.
In an era of climate change, it's hard to imagine that the number of people with the desire and the money to buy a floating fortress for $50 million or more won't continue to shrink, The Guardian writes.
But they are becoming more and more.
This year, 25% more ships were ordered than in the previous year.
Brokers say there has not been such a frenzy on the market in 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht are afraid of infection on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic on board their own vessel.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
Previously, all these people would have gone to the office and met with their business partners in person. Now, the absolute majority of them work remotely, and meetings are held via Zoom.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and beyond.
This means that clients are willing to pay more just to have their yacht ready by a year or two earlier.
“People just want freedom, and the super-rich can afford it,” he says.
In Western society, many criticize such behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, say sociologists, don't want to understand that space travel, yachting or flying on their own private jets are seen as elitist in an age of austerity, because the elite doesn't want to share the blame for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to act and introduce new taxes and rules for the super-rich, though they acknowledge it will be difficult to do so given the mobility of money.
Meanwhile, it is only the number of superyachts ordered that is impressive, but their specifications.
Of the 1,200 ships, 27 are longer than 100 meters.
Norwegian billionaire Rekke is building the REV Ocean, a 550-foot yacht.
After launching, it will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "moon pool," as well as a submarine designed to explore the depths of the ocean.
Helicopter pads have become commonplace on superyachts, as have outdoor cinemas, and in some cases, such as on Conor McGregor's yacht, a boxing ring. Professor of economic anthropology at the University of Indiana, Richard Wilk, says the carbon footprint of the super-rich is negligible compared to the overall amount of greenhouse gas emissions.
But it has symbolic significance, given that there are only about 2,000 multi-billionaires in the world.
It's just another example of super-consumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have found that the emissions trail of billionaires is thousands of times greater than that of the average person on the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tonnes of CO2 a year, Roman Abramovich is responsible for 33.9 tonnes of greenhouse gases entering the atmosphere in 2018.
Two-thirds of the emission trail landed on his yacht Eclipse, measuring 162.5 meters.
Even if the owner is not on board, the crew continues to pollute the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give the order to bring the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners do not inspire sympathy when they, like Australia's richest woman Gina Rinehart, who owns mines on the continent, complain through YouTube that there is no berth for their giant vessels.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for ships with a length of 50 meters.
Weekly alcohol dose linked to bowel cancer
American scientists have determined how much alcohol per week increases the risk of developing cancer.
This is reported by the Daily Express.
The experts concluded that consuming four or more alcoholic drinks per week is associated with an increased risk of developing cancer.
At the same time, the likelihood of developing the disease increases with the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, moderate drinkers have a higher risk of developing bowel cancer than women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of the development of such a type of cancer, noting only that certain factors lead to a harmful process for the body.
Thank you to the author for a worthy material and photos.
Sergei, I don't see anything bad in egoism and pride.
Just as you don't see egoism and pride in the man who is looking for a free surrogate mother to shoulder the costs and responsibilities and enjoy the title of father from a safe distance.
Why are they working in the Ministry? They should be in the circus.
I understand that everything should have been done in a royal way, but the model is very exaggerated.
It is hard to imagine how poor Diana was shoved into a carriage, and in general, any movement.
I was 12 and remember watching the ceremony on TV.
It seems that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful, voluminous dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I changed my mind about being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, if not all, dog lovers are convinced that these creatures are very intelligent.
But even they don't realise just how intelligent our four-legged pets really are.
For many years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how intelligent animals are.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study has shown that a dog can respond to 89 words or phrases in sequence.
The scientists' work was published in the publication Sciencealert.
Dogs cannot play chess or compose poetry, they do not understand politics, economics or art, but they often manage to fool their owners.
Some breeds, experts say, are better at understanding human language, but there isn't enough data to make precise conclusions.
For example, some breeds are traditionally considered dog geniuses, such as Labradors.
Scientists have concluded that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and that their ability to learn is comparable to that of a two-year-old child.
Dreamline Dream Massage TFK mattress 80x200.
A mattress with a TFK independent spring block with natural latex and coconut fiber.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent block TFK.
It is a reliable modern construction with 512 independent springs per bed.
Each spring is in its own pouch and has no effect on its neighbors.
This means that the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person takes on a natural shape while sleeping.
The springs are isolated from the upper layers of thermowool for strength.
The top layer is made of wool, which is followed by layers of natural latex and coconut, which have excellent and beautiful properties.
One side is complemented by a thin layer of natural seven-season latex.
This natural filling has 7 zones of comfort, helps to perceive the weight of a person, and has a light massage effect.
The Antistress cover is made from velour, padded with 250 grams of hollowfibre per square metre.
It is pleasant to the touch and appearance, and has soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a bright example is the deep-sea anglerfish Tautmouth Axel.
Some of his victims are so large that they kill the angler.
He simply can't swallow them, and his teeth won't let him spit them back out into the water.
If you don't care about the fate of your four properties, why do you think your properties are of interest to anyone and they will care about them?
Today, the law allows you to manage your property.
If you don't like how others are doing it, do it yourself.
Ukraine prepares for US-Russia trade
The US and Russia will "negotiate" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Alexander Kuchetkov wrote in his article for the publication "Glavred".
According to him, Washington and Moscow plan to continue negotiations in the near future on guarantees for the United States that Ukraine will not join NATO, despite the words of American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries "to join anywhere."
If you are offered something that is obviously unacceptable, such as selling a close relative into sexual slavery, you don't haggle, you just send the offerer packing.
As for Ukraine, negotiations are underway," the analyst wrote.
Kochetkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kyiv.
“The preparations are carried out covertly, quickly, and they immediately go on the offensive, not waiting for the group to be discovered and counter-forces to be deployed,” he said.
China is promoting the development of the railway transport industry
Advanced Chinese technologies attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France and other countries at the 2021 China International Railway Vehicle and Equipment Exhibition held in the city of Zhuzhou, Hunan Province /Central China/.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow the trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical failures, said Hou Zhiaowen, a representative of the company.
High-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway line, which was put into operation at the beginning of this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure enhanced reliability and operability of rolling stock.
China has significantly increased its exports of rail transportation equipment over the past six months, and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed."
In May this year, the first two-storey high-speed electric trains designed in China rolled off the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd. They were intended for export to Europe.
With a maximum working speed of 200 km/h, these trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the trial operation of the metro train, developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey, began.
The train will run along the metro line connecting the city centre with the city's airport.
The metro line will open next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey, with a speed of 120 kilometres per hour.
“China’s railway equipment manufacturing industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness,” said Feng Yaoyan, head of the Trade and Investment Department of the Chinese Committee for the Promotion of International Trade /CPPIT/.
“This industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese production of high-end equipment in the global market,” said Feng Yaoyan.
After more than 60 years of intense work, China has created a leading system of equipment production for rail transport, with a complete set of auxiliary facilities and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoyan, the country ranks first in the level of electrification of railways and the operating mileage of high-speed and urban railways.
A biologist has listed the early signs of dementia
Doctor of Biological Sciences Semyon Golosheikin spoke to Sputnik about the early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness, as well as a whole range of moderate cognitive impairments, such as the inability to concentrate, plan, and a decrease in abstract thinking.
At present, there is a debate about whether hearing loss may be an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease, or one of the risk factors for its onset, the expert said.
Goloshekin stressed that dementia can be caused by neurodegenerative disorders, head trauma, some infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of the cerebral arteries are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The biologist noted that, as of today, doctors do not know effective ways of treating dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start prevention at the right time.
According to him, studying foreign languages and active communication will help reduce the risk of developing dementia.
The WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly exercising cognitive skills through games and hobbies that require intense involvement of memory and logic thinking
“There are recommendations for the use of various supplements, but their effectiveness and reasonableness are still being debated in the scientific community,” Golosheikhin said.
The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intense involvement of memory and logic thinking," Golosheikhin said.
Earlier this year, a UK-based dementia research charity said the disease was increasingly affecting people in their 40s.
Medics have named the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign is problems with vision, which makes it difficult for the patient to recognize objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, experts say, is aphasia - a state where a person cannot find the right words to say what they want to say.
Neurologist demands that Saakashvili be sent abroad for treatment
The former president of Georgia, Mikheil Saakashvili, needs psychoneurological treatment and rehabilitation abroad, neurologist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the council of doctors created by the Ombudsman of Georgia, told journalists.
His neurological status is the main factor in his illness.
Stability problems include problems with movement, coordination, and instability of character," the specialist said, noting that this does not go beyond the norm and that the former president needs to be sent to special rehabilitation.
“This is what we call neuro-rehabilitation and psychoneurological rehabilitation, which we did not find in Georgia,” Toidze said, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a specialized institution, which does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging medical treatment after prison service staff subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician was able to quickly cancel the punishment and restore his rights.
Alexandra, "Do you take money for this?" - I'm interested to know where these people come from...
It is normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the work of a tutor?
Or are we so holy that we are fed by prana?
There is another side to the coin.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They don't work, don't pay taxes, live on benefits and off their relatives.
They are provided with full medical care.
How many mouths can a working one feed?
We feed all the drunks, and the drug addicts who have also lost their health through their stupidity.
Then we are surprised by the extension of the pension age.
These sums could have been used to treat genuinely ill people.
There is no doubt that the red flag of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and should not be mixed with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, is a symbol of the communist movement, so it will never be a state flag again.
The author should stop writing provocative articles, it's time for him to calm down and start living a normal life, not the past.
Protests against COVID-passports took place in Spain
Protests against the compulsory COVID-19 vaccination certificate took place in the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, Europa Press reports.
In the Catalan capital, approximately 3,000 people took part in the action.
In Barcelona, COVID passports are now mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, gyms, nursing homes and nightclubs.
Many of the protesters came to the action without masks.
The slogans on their posters accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect for the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination certificates will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with more than 50 seats.
Protesters in this city said there was a medical dictatorship, and vaccination was called an experiment.
In Spain, since the start of the pandemic, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been identified, and more than 88,000 patients have died.
In Russia, there are also plans to impose restrictions on the unvaccinated.
The government introduced bills on a single QR code system to the State Duma on November 12.
It is expected that Russians will be able to visit places where mass events are held, cultural institutions, food and retail outlets with the presentation of either a vaccination certificate or a certificate of illness, or a medical exemption from vaccination.
The same rules will apply to train and air travel.
Tradition Anthracite 26cm cast iron with glass lid.
Cast iron frying pan with anti-stick coating Anthracite, TM Tradition.
The dishes are intended for daily use in home conditions.
The exceptional durability and longevity of the non-stick coating, equal to that of natural stone, has been developed specifically for everyday use.
Heavy-duty cast body.
Five-layer latest generation non-stick coating.
Premium finish, enhanced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional anti-stick protection.
It has good non-stick properties for easy and healthy cooking without oil and fat.
At least 4000 cycles of cooking, provided that the rules of use are observed.
Compatible with all types of plates, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The guarantee on each item is 4 years (provided that the rules of use are observed for 4 years on the body and 1 year on the non-stick coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Pots and pans can be used in the oven without a glass lid.
Easy to clean.
By logic, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and gets sick (once or twice a year with a cold or flu) then their immune system is normal.
Immune modulators in general are not recommended by doctors for prevention in principle.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and lifestyle plus exercise.
Based on this, vaccination against the flu and this covid is pointless.
The 3M 5925 Particulate Respirator.
FFP2 degree of protection, 2 pcs.
Article No. 713946.
A replacement filter for 3M 6000, 3M 7500 and full-face masks 3M.
It protects the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for use in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the surrounding air exceeds the permissible limit.
The filter can be used for protection against bacteria/viruses in combination with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FFP2 class of protection has a PDV value greater than 0.05 mg/m3, with a maximum concentration of pollutant 12 times the PDV.
Respirators of this class of protection are able to retain at least 94% of harmful substances.
Pre-filters are attached to the respirator filters with a 3M 501 holder.
Features: low resistance to breathing.
It does not obstruct the view.
Compatible with 3M 6000 and 3M 7500 half masks, and full-face masks 3M.
It is compatible with other PPE required in difficult working conditions.
The wide-eyed "constitutional monarch," judging by the internet, has gotten on the nerves of more than just me.
And this family PR - the children, the father...
Revva seemed to me to be some kind of nobody.
All he knew was to torment the hare - Batrukha and Batrukha.
Well, I learned, I said once, and shut up, let your friend show himself, that's why we fought.
A steep climb: how Chinese are becoming skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create international-level ski resorts in the country
China hopes the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to participate in winter sports, which will allow President Xi Jinping's target of 1 trillion yuan to be collected, but also contribute to the economic development of backward and remote provinces.
Taiwu Ski Resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the Winter Olympics, is becoming increasingly popular among Chinese.
Besides building infrastructure in the region, work is also being done to green the region: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international-level competitions.
In many regions of China, where resorts are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long term is to ensure comfortable and interesting holidays in Chinese resorts so that all newcomers become regulars.
But it's still a long way off.
Olympic Games Organizing Committee advisor Justin Downs says the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition since his last visit in 2007.
Every year, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, is one of them.
It will take many more years to create a ski culture here, Downs said.
Many resorts are in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions still need to be actively developed and the necessary infrastructure created there.
Seventy-year-old Gao Macong lives in Chunli, near the site of the Winter Olympics.
He notes that there has been a boom in winter sports tourism in recent years.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chongli, and now no local resident is unemployed.
More and more shops are opening in the country selling clothes and equipment for winter sports.
On the slopes, they open restaurants serving national cuisine.
There is now even a COVID-19 testing station on Tahiti.
China is striving to create a thriving winter sports industry, its athletes must become leaders in major international competitions, and ski resorts and equipment must reach world-class standards.
More than half a billion people worldwide could face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, WHO says
More than half a billion people around the world could be pushed into extreme poverty as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, which has set back progress on universal access to health services, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank said on Wednesday.
In view of the 12 December International Day of Universal Health Coverage, WHO and the World Bank published two complementary reports.
They noted that the pandemic has led to disruptions in the delivery of health care, and has caused excessive strain on health care systems.
In this regard, for the first time in 10 years, the coverage of the population with immunization has decreased, mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and the World Bank noted that the pandemic has caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, making it harder for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than half a billion people "into extreme poverty, because they have to pay for these services out of their pockets."
In October, the UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said that the pandemic of the coronavirus has plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, and almost four billion people have no social support.
Makita KP0810 Jig Saw
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful motor is perfect for folding.
The small weight and excellent balance.
Use of both standard and double-sided mini blades.
Easy blade change system.
The new ergonomic design of the body, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the impact of vibration on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped grooves for taking off different sized bevels.
The choice of chip removal system: to the left or to the right.
The wife, this is meat from the fur trapper.
It's a disgrace.
Flying foxes and pangolins have already been satiated, and now they are going after the jellyfish.
Oh, how many wonderful discoveries can still be made by moles, praying mantises, and lemmings, for example.
Reuters: Taiwanese minister was cut from live feed at "Summit for Democracy" at White House request
A video of Taiwan's Digital Minister Audrey Tang's panel discussion at the U.S.-organized "Summit for Democracy" has been removed from YouTube, according to a recording of the summit.
Reuters, citing sources, reported that the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to their report, the cause was a map on which Taiwan was marked separately from China, which considers the island to be its territory.
The map Ms Tan showed was compiled by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked countries around the world by the degree to which they uphold civil rights.
Taiwan was marked green as "free", while China, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam were marked red as "closed".
After the minister showed the map, the image on her side of the screen was replaced with a screenshot with a note saying that the views of the participants in the discussion "do not necessarily reflect the policy of the United States government."
China was not invited to the "Summit for Democracy".
Reuters sources note that the map presented by the Taiwanese minister may go against Washington's "one China" policy.
One of the sources said the National Security Council had angrily called the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-organized "Summit for Democracy" took place from 9 to 10 December, with representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil society organizations and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" summit, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate and editor-in-chief of Novaya Gazeta, Dmitry Muratov, called for the creation of an international fund, through which money obtained through corruption would be donated to charity.
Earlier today, Deputy Secretary of the Security Council of the Russian Federation Yury Averianov said that the summit carried an anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge.
They tell you that they are cooking food, and there is rotten meat everywhere, in fact, the meat stays with the butcher until the last piece.
Classic journalism is to create a news story out of nothing.
They boil not the meat, but the horns and hooves, obtaining a substance similar to glue.
The finished product looks like a yellow, nearly odorless strip that is hard like plastic and used as a natural gelatin.
In general, harmful substances from the recycling of waste are no less than from its decomposition.
But it saves companies a lot of money.
So, the fairy tale about ecology was invented for the sake of fools who will also work for free to collect garbage for the idea.
My personal contribution to the environment is to refuse to buy unnecessary things and to use them for a long time.
If I go over the limit, I don't throw it away, I donate it to charity.
Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016 football shorts, white/black (XL).
Description: football shorts are great for playing football and doing sports.
The shorts have a comfortable straight fit.
The wide waistband in combination with the adjustable drawstring ensures a comfortable fit.
The fabric is highly durable, long-lasting, lightweight and breathable, meeting the demands of the game at any level.
The brand's updated logo is on the left side.
The shorts come in a reusable packaging with a zipper closure.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with drawstring, strong and durable fabric, good air permeability.
Characteristics.
Get into specialties that allow you to work online.
In Russia, many people work for their uncle, but abroad.
But for us, because of the difference in currencies, this is beneficial.
As far as other countries are concerned, we are still poor.
Of course, you will have to learn all sorts of nonsense, but... working online allows you not to depend on the internal labour market.
Our country creates almost no jobs.
And those that he creates – well, you can’t make much money on them.
The dining table set "Egoist-Unity" with gold plating (4 pieces).
The Royal Childhood collection is one of the broadest and most well-known collections of children’s silver in Russia.
It contains a number of charming silver spoons, forks and knives, rattles and teasers, bottles and cups.
All silver children's cutlery is subject to rigorous quality control.
Ecological silver, produced directly at the factory, and careful hand polishing with cotton rollers make the products completely safe for children.
Due to its antimicrobial properties, regular use of silverware can support the body's natural immune system and even prevent some of the common childhood diseases.
The factory's experts received a grant to apply a complex, but very beautiful technique of guilloche, which was used by famous Carl Faberge.
This allowed for the creation of amazingly vivid and three-dimensional images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become a child's faithful friends.
Inka, everything will be fine.
There's a second light one.
Lung tissue regenerates well if you don't remove all of it, the remaining portion will grow.
If it is a pulmonary resection, the second lung will grow over time and will function as two lungs.
Try to breathe deeply yourself, fathers are stronger than daughters, they don't like tears.
Don't mourn before time.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
Spacecraft New Shepard with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight
The New Shepard spacecraft of Blue Origin, carrying six tourists, made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The trip, which was broadcast on the company's website, lasted in total more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with the passengers descended to Earth, TASS reports.
The rocket launch was conducted from a spaceport in the vicinity of the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to an altitude of slightly more than 100 km, and the space tourists were in a state of weightlessness.
The rocket booster itself landed on the launch pad.
Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard ship with passengers on board on July 20.
RURAL MOSCOW PEOPLE.
Don’t lump them all together - bad people exist, and you may have grievances against them for a specific reason...
but what does the number of children, age, pension fund and other things have to do with it?
Write that they are "scumbags, and they didn't return the money."
But how many and when to have children is none of your business until they come to hang them around your neck.
And if it is excluded, then what right do you have to condemn them?
I guess it's only in education...
Elected (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, blatantly ignoring existing ones.
And what if it will affect other spheres of life, such as court proceedings and so on?
They don't follow the law.
And what if dad does implement his method of upbringing and education?
It's awful and a bad example for others.
DESIGN WORKS 2719 embroidery kit "Birds of Paradise".
The contents of the kit: Aida 14 ct dark blue canvas, embroidery thread, sequins, beads, needle, pattern, instructions.
Design Works production began in 1987 and continues to be popular worldwide today.
Many of the motifs have been designed by such a well-known designer as Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch kits are packed with quality Aida fabric, 100% cotton floss and a 24 count needle.
You will also find a range of embroidery kits on plastic canvas, Tobin embroidery is embroidery on napkins, tablecloths and runners and much more.
China strengthens prevention and control of epidemic of COVID-19 in cities where land border checkpoints are located
The joint mechanism for prevention and control of the State Council of China issued a circular, requiring the strengthening of prevention and control of the epidemic of COVID-19 in cities where land ports are located in order to further prevent the importation of the infection from abroad.
People leaving the specified cities are required to provide a negative nucleic acid test for COVID-19 within 48 hours before departure, according to the circular.
Those arriving at land border crossings must take at least one COVID-19 nucleic acid test upon arrival.
The document says that these requirements will be in effect from the day when the corresponding administrative units at the provincial level determine and publish the zones of the specified cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities in which land-based checkpoints are located and which meet certain conditions may consider the possibility of creating buffer zones for prevention and control of the COVID-19 epidemic within their jurisdiction.
Taisia Sokolova, as usual, pulls Russian women towards the Eastern ethnos by Indian films, which were only shown in cinemas in Russia.
In the West, no one was watching this nonsense about the natives.
And how many such towns and villages forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Pocket Spring Mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, art. 5110704.
The composition of the layers of the RelaxFoam 2 cm mattress: Aloe-latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, Aloe-latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
The cover is a knitted fabric Splendid.
Cotton knit fabric has a special design.
The foundation is woven with special synthetic threads that provide special strength and softness to the material.
The cellular weave structure supports natural thermoregulation and moisture wicking during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/m2.
Dimax OK Base mattress, size 130x185.
The OK Basis spring orthopedic mattress is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The Balance Foam filling provides the mattress with all the necessary orthopaedic properties, but at the same time keeps the price at a budget level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Balance Foam is a modern material obtained from PPUR.
The filling is hypoallergenic and safe.
This is why foam is widely used in industry.
Its safety and reliability have been confirmed by a special certificate received in Europe, where such requirements are much stricter than in Russia.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedic qualities: the material supports the correct position of the person throughout the time of sleep.
Thanks to the foam, the mattress has a firmness level below average, so the manufacturer considers it to be a fairly soft mattress.
The main supporting block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
It is notable for its independent springs, with 256 elements per square metre.
The practical block can support up to 100 kg per sleeping place, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
The manufacturer offers the option of choosing between a 12 cm or 18 cm spring block without changing the final price.
Make sure to specify your preferences when ordering with the store clerk.
The mattress comes with a knitted cover, and together with it, the model is 21 cm high.
The cover is non-removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certificate.
Arte Lamp A9566AP-1WG lamp from the Arte Lamp manufacturer.
It will work well in a room like a living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The lighting device is available in a colour: gold.
The lamp uses E14 bulbs.
The total power allows to illuminate an area of about 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this light fixture for Classic-style rooms.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs told about the "sad conclusion" in relations between Russia and the United States
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington in an interview with Izvestia.
He noted that the long road of interaction led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
There is a one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some kind of improvement in relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion at the end of a long road that we have traveled with the current administration, with Trump, and with Obama.
The problems did not start yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryabkov, the problems are related to the fact that the United States is trying to impose its approach to a number of issues on Russia.
The deputy head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs added that he would not have dared to give optimistic forecasts about the prospects for improving relations and would not have expected a change in Washington's position.
He explained that, with the exception of areas such as strategic stability and cybersecurity, progress has not been made.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to take a responsible approach to international security and hopes that the signals will be heard and the Americans will listen to the arguments of common sense.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
Virologist warns of the danger of vaccinating with a nasal COVID-19 drug outside of hospitals
People who have been vaccinated with a nasal COVID-19 vaccine may experience allergic reactions and need medical assistance, so the first vaccination points for this vaccine should not be organized in airports and shopping centers.
This was reported by TASS, a virologist, member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the Laboratory of Bionanotechnology, Microbiology and Virology at Novosibirsk State University, Sergey Netesov.
Setting up nasal vaccination points at airports and shopping centres is easier, but I would do it initially only in medical facilities.
The reason is that there is a possibility of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is small, but it is desirable that the person sit next to the doctor's office after this.
Doctors have special sets of anti-allergy medicines that work within a minute or two, which can sometimes be very useful," Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccinating in shopping centres when there is experience in using the drug.
He also stressed that it is important that the nasal vaccine reaches the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
In addition, there is a possibility that the vaccine will not reach its destination if the person being vaccinated sneezes after the injection.
A painting by numbers on canvas, anime "Sword of Demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Numbered coloring books are interesting for both children and adults.
After all, many people like to draw, but sometimes they lack the abilities or skills.
This simple, but very engaging activity allows you to relax, realize your creative potential, and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are many unusual pictures and "unbeaten" plots!
We develop relevant topics on our own and try to make the result pleasing to you!
It's very simple!
When you are coloring in the outlines on the canvas, they do not "sink", they do not dissolve in water.
Each segment is numbered to avoid getting lost in the colors.
The finished picture will become a bright element of the decor, a distinctive feature of the interior, attracting attention from the first glance.
And this picture was not drawn by some artist.
You drew it yourself.
By hand!
Serbia produced 2 million doses of the "Sputnik V" vaccine
The Sputnik V vaccine is most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced about 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine "Sputnik V", TASS reported, citing the country's Minister of Innovation and Technological Development, Nenad Popovic.
“At the state-owned TORLAK Institute, about 2 million doses of the Sputnik V vaccine have been produced so far, and we expect that at least 4 million doses will be produced in the coming period,” said Popovich.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbs.
In light of this, the republic plans to make an additional purchase of one million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in producing the "Sputnik V" nasal vaccine and the "Sputnik Light" drug on the territory of the country.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin announced that Russia has delivered almost two million doses of its homegrown coronavirus vaccine, Sputnik V, to Serbia.
The lama, it is said, is the true believer who makes up the church.
We don't know if they are truly believers or not.
We all wish to be such true believers, and we all try to be.
But no one should say anything about himself, or about those who believe as he does, that they are the only true believers.
Because if they can say that they are truly believers, then others can say the same.
Benartti Prime Orto S1000 mattress, 145x190.
The Prime Orto S1000 mattress with different sides of firmness, total height of the mattress 22 cm.
The maximum load on one sleeping place is up to 150 kg.
The mattress is based on an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per sleeping place).
Each spring is in its own fabric pouch, which allows the springs to distribute the body weight evenly.
For additional protection of the spring block, an insulating layer of wool is added, separating the mattress filling and the springs.
On one side of the mattress is a 3cm layer of coconut fibre, which adds extra firmness and durability to the mattress.
On the opposite side of the mattress, a 3 cm layer of coconut fibre and a 1 cm layer of natural latex have been added.
Natural latex has anatomical properties and wear-resistant properties.
The mattress cover is made of cotton jacquard, lined with eco-friendly Hollcon.
The fabric has been treated with a special antibacterial treatment called Sanitized (Sweden).
The treatment provides complete destruction of mould fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is fitted with four comfortable handles for turning, as well as air vents for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The mattress is reinforced with a frame made of artificial latex, which significantly increases its service life.
Alexander M., Could you remind me, please, how the marathon went at the 2021 World Championships?
Do you see the cross-country skiing course on which the competitors in the race should finish?
Attention, question - what is Kilde doing on the right side of Bolshunov and how does he want to get onto the track if he was behind him on the bend?
The best finisher over 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
It's been a long time...
I was, and I wasn't even a driver.
He had the right, but he didn't know how to drive.
They suggested going 250 km in one direction at MAZ!
Young, bad, agreed.
The owner is nearby, drinking vodka, and I am driving.
First, as a king, he took the center!
A column formed behind me.
Missed.
Then the belt on the power steering broke.
Then the police stopped us.
The column was organized, and their car broke down.
It needs to be towed.
The owner of the tractor explained that he was drunk, and the driver was inexperienced.
And to him - how drunk are you?
You don't trip or fall.
Ahead of us with the flashing lights and we're off!
I think he can't get out of the advertisement. It's his misfortune.
Pevzov also spoke about the return of the pension age.
The budgets have been planned with a view to the billions of roubles that pre-pensioners have failed to earn.
Who is telling them this nonsense?
In the UK, 1,239 cases of the omicron strain of coronavirus were recorded in one day - RT Russian
In the UK, 1,239 cases of infection with the new omicron strain of coronavirus were identified in one day.
Sky News is reporting this.
In particular, 1,196 new cases of the "Omicron" strain were recorded in England, 38 people were infected with a new strain of the infection in Scotland, and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of people in the UK infected with the new strain of COVID-19 has reached 31,370.
Earlier, scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine made a pessimistic forecast that in England by April due to the outbreak of the coronavirus caused by the "Omicron" strain, 75,000 people may die.
Peskov warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Dmitry Peskov, the press secretary of the President of the Russian Federation, commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in case of continuation of "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including due to the alleged "invasion" on the territory of the country.
“It is impossible to impose restrictions on Russia and not suffer oneself,” the Kremlin spokesman said in an interview with the Russia 1 television channel.
Peskov claims that everyone in the world understands this.
Earlier it was reported that the US was considering introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as a last resort.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to impose restrictions aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars against Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
However, Sberbank head German Gref is convinced that this is impossible.
From reasonable thinking people - accordingly, reasonable comments!
Something about these simple-to-the-point-of-nausea recipes is getting old.
It seems that the ideas have run out.
Even in the distant past of childhood, my mother baked delicious pies and cakes, and it never occurred to her to compare a slice of bread spread with jam to a cake.
Xenia, you don't need to tell me anything, my mind must figure it out on its own!
“The inability of the mind divided from the Spirit to perceive” – what are you talking about?!
Imagine having to explain this to a child who doesn't understand!
Keep in mind that a child up to 3-5 years old still has channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you!
New Caledonians reject independence from France
The final results of the third referendum on independence for New Caledonia show that an overwhelming majority of participants voted to remain part of France.
This was reported by the French television channel BFM.TV on December 12.
96.5% of those who voted were against independence.
3.51% of the inhabitants of the archipelago in the South Pacific Ocean supported independence from France.
They annulled the results of 2.99% of the ballots.
The turnout was very low on this day: only about 55% of the archipelago's residents went to the polls.
Experts believe that the low turnout is due to separatist calls to boycott the referendum due to the coronavirus.
Paris refused to move the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, the people of New Caledonia voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, a referendum on independence was already held in the region.
Most of the islanders supported the archipelago being part of France.
New Caledonia is almost 20,000 km from the mainland of France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia its colony.
About 270,000 people live on the archipelago, which is endowed with a special administrative-territorial status.
Paris and New Caledonia have a 1998 agreement under which the region can hold a vote on independence twice, with two-year intervals.
Boris, if you don't know history, don't write.
The name of the city of Arsk comes from the Bulgaro-Tatar word "artysh" (pine).
Udmurts (Aryans in Tatar) live in the northern areas of Balashevsky and Kukmorsky districts.
The Udmurts are excellent, hardworking people, they have preserved their language, live in friendship with the Tatars, and know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that your homeland will not abandon you.
Fools throw out "cheerful slogans".
I'm telling you this with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't throw stones into the well, you may have to drink the water!
WHO considers "Omicron" less dangerous than "Delta"
The World Health Organization (WHO) preliminarily considers that "Omicron" is less dangerous than the Delta strain of the coronavirus.
At the same time, there are data on the decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines in the case of infection with the new variant of COVID-19.
According to information as of December 9, “omicron” has been registered in 63 countries.
Preliminary data and a significantly altered antigen profile of the Omicron strain suggest a reduction in vaccine effectiveness against infection and transmission.
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, the severity of the disease ("severity of illness" - ed.) may be less than less severe than in "delta", the WHO said in a technical note.
The organization notes that, so far, all cases of infection with "Omicron" in the EU have been mild or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain, according to preliminary data, spreads faster than the "delta".
Two cases of infection with the omicron strain have been registered in Russia.
They had been "previously immunized," the Gamaleya Center said.
The head of the Federal Service for Consumer Protection and Public Health, Anna Popova, stated that there are no reliable data that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
In fact, the lack of sunlight for us southerners is very critical.
After 10 days in St. Petersburg, in November, we saw the sun for the first time, when our returning plane took off into the clouds.
Then I only understood what I was missing in the beautiful St. Petersburg.
Unforgettable off-road tours in the Caucasus:
To taste what you have never tasted before - with your eyes, your mouth and your skin!
Who sees only water in the ocean,
The one on the ground doesn't see the mountains.
Your Adventure World +7 905 989 9172 WhatsApp
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil even the worst mood!
Svetlana S., no, there is no such thing - they don't respond.
If your beloved, with whom you plan to spend the rest of your life, does not comply with your requests, then he is a parasite who does not want to give as much as he takes.
The problem with women is that they do it themselves, little by little.
And who is to blame here, if she herself grabbed the bull by the horns?
In Ukraine, four scenarios are named for Zelensky
Former deputy of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko listed four possible scenarios for the development of events for President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
In his opinion, the head of state may remain without Western support, as well as, possibly, make concessions on the Donbas.
Denisenkо told about this in a publication on the "Glavred" portal on Sunday, December 12.
The first option, which Denisenko called the "perfect storm," would see key Western countries cease to support Ukraine, reaching an agreement on the country's future without its involvement.
Such a development of events will contribute to a deep crisis that Kyiv may face in 2023.
“At the same time, prices for key goods, which we traditionally export <...> internal protests and the confrontation of power with key FPGs (financial-industrial groups. – RT) are taking place,” the former parliamentarian added.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario for the development of the situation - "war against all".
This forecast will come true if there is high turbulence in world politics, when the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
In light of this situation, the Ukrainian leadership may make concessions on the Donbass, which may lead to a confrontation within the country.
At the end of the summer, Zelensky's position will weaken, and the likelihood of such a situation is up to 50-55%, according to the former deputy.
The third option for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is the confrontation of the groups of the population that are not in agreement with Zelensky with the president, as a result of which the capture of control over the power block and the implementation of "populist initiatives" is possible.
In this scenario, Zelensky will begin "reforming power," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is to turn Zelensky into the "father of the nation".
This could be caused by some event that will be a strong shock to society.
“The event should be large enough to trigger a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine,” Denisenko said.
This scenario is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a technological disaster, or aggressive actions by Russia, the former deputy believes.
At the same time, the Russian side has already rejected any possibility of an "invasion" of Ukraine on several occasions.
In Moscow, it was noted that it was the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that were increasing military activity near the Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, data from the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president had fallen to record low values, reaching 19.3%.
This is the lowest figure since his election as head of state.
Analysts have predicted a situation in which, in the case of the upcoming presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% of the vote would go to Volodymyr Zelensky, while 14.5% would go to the former president of the country, Petro Poroshenko.
Among all those surveyed, only 19.3% expressed support for the president.
KAISER SENA shower system (74182)
The KAISER Sena (74182) shower system is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability, and this is also confirmed by numerous reviews from buyers on third-party internet resources.
By purchasing this item from us, you also receive our guarantee on the quality and functionality of the item.
We deliver by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
In the event that you find any defects, we will happily refund you the full amount you have paid.
When you call the operator, you will be able to get a personal discount on this item.
Please leave a review when purchasing.
Thank you for the story about the great athlete, I didn't know that Elena Shushunova had died, it is very sad to hear this.
I remember how I cheered for her at the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of Primorye, it was a live broadcast, real time.
There was such a high level of emotion, I remember the joy when Elena won.
They were also happy about other victories, as they cheered for Salnikov, for the footballers, for all the Soviet athletes back then.
On TV I saw a documentary about one of the Central American countries, and there they were rolling the watermelons down the gangway of the ship, like barrels.
The watermelons were enormous.
I myself have worked many times in my youth on the harvesting and loading of watermelons in Astrakhan region, and I have never seen watermelons weighing more than a pound.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the vineyard and not before the beginning of August.
A balconette bra with soft cups (size: 90E, color: beige, composition: 90 % polyamide, 10 % elastane, article number: 12008).
A balconette bra with soft cups, on frames.
The bottom part of the cup is reinforced with a non-elastic transparent fabric.
The side inner part of the cup, in the area of the shoulder strap attachment, is reinforced with non-elastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
It is this element that allows the lace not to stretch.
The richness of the lace can be appreciated by the neckline and under the bust.
Vertical bone reinforcements on the side panels made of single-layer microfiber do not allow the fabric to roll up on large sizes.
The article was very unpleasant, full of hatred and venom.
Walked through people you know nothing about.
But now it is liked by many, to disassemble people into atoms.
I hope that those who comment with honor and decency know everything.
In Moscow, at night, you think 100 times whether to go to the store alone, there are migrants everywhere, their crowds.
They consider themselves the owners.
Are you serious about children's allowances and pensions?
The allowances are negligible and are paid up to 3 years, pensions are 12,000 rubles. Someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics is already paid for in our country and is very expensive.
People from another planet.
France is bad, but we are good?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint mattress has a compact texture, comfortable firmness and hardness, properties of durability and longevity.
The BeautySon brand’s Sense series product is intended for the healthy sleep of people suffering from joint and vascular system diseases.
The construction ensures even load distribution across the surface and a distinctly comfortable effect.
The BeautySon Sense Hard S600 mini is a mattress with an independent spring block S600 mini with reduced spring height.
As internal fillings, Beautyson uses sponge, coconut fibre and polyurethane foam.
Spunbond acts as an intermediate isolating layer between soft materials and springs.
The orthopedic foam with carbon impregnation is embossed on the surface, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high moisture and breathability properties.
The outer mattress cover is made of a dense jacquard fabric with synthetic fibers.
The material is durable and long-lasting, does not wear out and does not require complicated care.
Poet arrested for action on Red Square: "For a quote from Yevtushenko, they give 10 days, here is the power of poetry!"
On Monday, a 21-year-old poet, Alexander Volchenkov, was detained for ten days.
A student of the HSE was detained on the Red Square with a placard on which was written the hashtag #poetofrussiaismoreimportantthanapoet.
This quote is attributed to the writer Evgeny Evtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up against Alexander for a repeat violation of the order of conducting a public demonstration.
He was detained for the first time on January 23 on Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
“The aim was to draw attention to poetry in general, unfortunately, interest in it has been lost, as well as a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag,” Alexander explains.
We spoke to the young poet to find out more about his arrest and to delve deeper into the message of his message.
How did the police officers treat you this time and in the past?
What did they ask in the department, how did they comment on your action?
This time, the officers were more polite, the arrest was as thorough as possible, polite, and, in some contexts, funny.
OMON officers took the Pushkinskaya square, and they took it hard.
They asked the standard questions about motivation.
When they heard it, in principle, they looked at it if not approvingly, then understandingly.
Except for the wind-blown monkey cage, everything was above board, but I knew what I was getting into.
And if, after the action under this hashtag, at least a few people begin to write their poems, I will not have spent these 10 days in vain.
Maxim, according to the protocol, should talk alone in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
And at public and official events, they speak the language of the surrounding people so that everyone understands what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through a translator.
This is a protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks fluent Russian and yet she relies on a translator.
And at official events, the stenographer still uses an old-fashioned fountain pen, and the stenographer does not have to know several languages.
You don't want to say much, so just say no!
Well, there's so much water.
Well, to go on a tourist trip for half a year "to the Andes, then to Nepal".
Before that, convert all assets into liquid shares.
And to gradually sell these shares, opening an account in any bank in the world.
Not to sell in dollars, but in a less dependent on the US currency, such as Swiss francs.
And then, after that, file for divorce from America.
But it is not this that keeps Americans in America.
It keeps their confidence that America is better than anywhere else.
They are grown that way.
The Hansgrohe Quattro three-way outlet mechanism (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: concealed installation; purpose: for the mixer, for the bath, for the shower; built-in systems: yes; type of installation: built-in (into the wall); body material: brass; concealed installation mechanism: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article number: 15930180; EAN code: 4011097345239.
Additional information: requires a pressure regulator; supplied with: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 outlets; possible simultaneous operation of 2 outlets (showers); suitable for all Quattro outdoor sets; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Scientists reveal how potatoes can help fight age-related problems
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and minerals that help improve blood circulation and lower cholesterol levels.
The root vegetable contains vitamins of the B group, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
All these elements help the body systems to function.
In addition, potatoes help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Thanks to its high content of quercetin, it is beneficial for the digestive tract, and regular consumption may also help prevent hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, the root vegetable is best stewed or boiled, rather than fried in oil.
Earlier, the Daily Express warned that potatoes could be dangerous for diabetics, like other foods with a high glycemic index.
These are foods high in carbohydrates that are quickly broken down into sugars, such as sugar, sweet non-alcoholic drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the newspaper Kommersant warned of a possible shortage of Russian table potatoes, noting the reduction in its production in personal subsidiary farms and the increase in processing capacity.
According to market participants, the current shortage of products can only be replaced by imports.
Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the search results of "Yandex"
Candidates for elimination
In 2015, the copyright holders from the RAEK/Media cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites of the Russian Internet, and most of them ceased to exist, says Karen Kazaryan, the director of the Internet Research Institute.
But some, such as Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix, have managed to survive thanks in part to regular changes of domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in the search results of both Yandex and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series Squid Game and the original series by director Anna Melikyan, which is the original series of the largest video service in Russia, Ivi (part of AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available in search engine results, you can watch the latest animated film Encanto, but, judging by the quality of the video, it is a so-called screening (a pirated copy of the film filmed in a cinema).
The series "University. 10 years later" is available on Filmix, which can also be found through search engines.
Svetlana M., of course, but I don't give a damn if my son is offended for his mother or not.
If we have any misunderstandings, it is better not to meet at all.
Of course, it's good that such things happen rarely.
Soft cup bra with no frames and frontal zipper 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced with cross-woven elastic cotton and Lycra lining.
The bra is made of microfiber in combination with mesh fabric for breathability.
Cups with double-layered cotton fabric for comfortable fit.
The unique design of Magiclift (cross-over inserts under the bust and across the décolletage to lift, separate and support the bust).
Wide, comfortable straps with microfiber lining are adjustable at the back.
Ludmila, China is currently leading the way in space technology.
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
“This Polish idea” – it would be more accurate to say that Poland merely reworked the idea of 1776, but developed it quite effectively.
In fact, the slogan “The periphery is not Russia” appeared in 1848.
Which, in general and in essence, does not change much.
I watched her interview, the girl said that her biggest dream was to grow wings, and her dad was always pulling her back.
Well, it's all very suspicious.
So she enrolled in a university, but what’s next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
The wide circle, framed by "molecules" of light, provides maximum even and bright illumination of the space.
The “atomic” or “molecular” design, which reflects the nature and natural essence of each object, is not losing its relevance and allows you to effectively highlight accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is their lightness.
Thanks to the thin, almost invisible cords that can be adjusted in height, the chandelier appears to float in the air.
The metal gold armature and the matte-white miniature lampshades effortlessly complement any palette, and the presented chandelier and wall sconce become a ready-made ensemble for lighting the living room, bedroom, hallway.
Well, to each their own, as they say.
I really liked Tarhun, not the current one, of course.
The juices in the glass cylinders were very tasty.
Three servings of syrup is too much, in my opinion.
Two were just right.
Dimax Micro Ultimate Mattress, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two different levels of firmness - high and medium.
The product includes only high-quality and premium fillings, which have proven themselves exclusively in the best way.
Springs: the model is equipped with a "micro-package" block of independent springs in the center.
This means that 2,000 coils are used, which work completely autonomously.
It is their functioning that gives them a unique point-to-point adjustment.
The "micro-paket" is the most high-frequency of the entire variety of "Dimax" spring blocks, so it has a pronounced orthopedic effect and is considered premium.
Fillings: Above and below the springs are combinations of layers of coir and natural latex.
The only difference is the order of the tiles.
If one surface is latex, then the other is coconut fiber.
This combination of fillings has long been considered a classic, as it not only conveys orthopedic, but also anatomical properties to the mattress.
If the coir provides the correct support for the back, then the latex provides the adaptation of the surface to the body of the person.
Cover: The model comes with Aloe Vera quilted cover.
It can be made either removable or permanent, depending on the client's wishes.
The overall height of the product is 27 cm, and the recommended load on the sleeping surface is 170 kg.
Guarantee and safety: the warranty period is 3 years.
The mattress has all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its complete safety and reliability in use.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certificate.
Estonian scientists will look for life on Venus
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in collaboration with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, Aktuellkamera reported on Sunday.
The goal of the missions launching in five years is to assess the habitability of Venus' clouds, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists proposed instruments for measuring the acidity and oxygen content of Venus' clouds.
Until now, it was thought that Venus' clouds, the closest planet to Earth, were too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was once a terrestrial planet.
A sample from Venus is expected to arrive during the third mission.
Let's assume that if we find life there, the main question will be whether it is similar to Earth or different.
If it is very similar, it will be obvious that life on Earth did not begin on Earth.
If it differs, then it may be more likely that life originated on Earth," said the head of the Estonian team of the "Venus Life Finder" project, Mihkel Paljusalu.
A hat, not a phone...
For half a year, and the whole price...
I'm tired of this Chinese nonsense...
They cannot make a quality phone...
My Samsung has already survived three of these (my friends have already thrown them out) and will survive again!
Metaverses will change Russian business
Metaverse became popular this fall when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
For the market, this event was a significant signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new digital interaction format between people.
And so, business in Russia, as in the rest of the world, will invest in creating its own metaverses and monetizing them.
Metaverses should be seen as a continuation of objective trends.
On the one hand, the trend for creating remote interactions in the context of the pandemic, because people are tired of isolation and restrictions.
On the other hand, this is a result of the business’s desire to develop ecosystems and adapt operational models to them.
With the third, they are a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art, and even money are transferred to a digital format.
Anna, you are right, changing your diet is a conscious process.
When you start eating properly, you don't want to eat anything too greasy or unhealthy.
Of course, we will have the traditional "Olivier" and the herring under the fur coat, but no one is forcing me to eat everything at once.
You can eat a spoonful, try it - and that's enough.
After all, there are ten days of holidays ahead, and you can prepare any tasty and healthy dishes.
And how much hellish work, time, and money it took her to train.
And after five quadruple jumps, she left empty-handed.
And she also understands that four years to the next Olympics she will not make it, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And the one who didn't just do sports or can't imagine all the circles of hell she went through, DON'T JUDGE HER.
The British economist was unable to give a forecast for 2022
British economist Jim O'Neill was unable to give a forecast for 2022, as he believes such attempts will end in failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that the next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the turnover.
The most important factor remains the pandemic of the coronavirus, and on the second place is inflation, he believes.
O'Neill also admitted that he does not know whether the price increases are temporary or not.
The expert noted that before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of infinite generosity of central banks had run its course" and it was time to return to a relationship where interest rates, adjusted for inflation, would be correlated with expected rates of GDP growth.
O'Neill noted that in the context of the pandemic, continuing ultra-soft economic policy may, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, attention should be paid to the issue of productivity growth, as well as poverty reduction and climate change, concluded O'Neill.
Earlier, the head of the Global Research Department at "Otkritie Investments", Mikhail Shulgin, reported that positive expectations for the dollar exchange rate for 2022 remain, although the potential for growth will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar, Shulgin named the Federal Reserve's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices, and fears amid the pandemic of the coronavirus.
I have to agree.
But there is one good thing: if you compare yourself with yourself, there were fewer containers five years ago.
It's better now.
There is progress, but it is slow.
There's another problem: there are a lot of environmental initiatives in cities, but people don't know about them.
All sorts of eco-taxis that pick up waste from your home.
It's so banal, the point of recycling - it's used by marginal people.
Few people bring glass and metal there.
And the author...
Sausages with cat meat on Soviet factories?
“Low” chocolate in the USSR?
Well, they're not as tasty as Doshirak, I understand...
And I would now eat Soviet candies with white filling.
There are none like them.
They are not releasing "Pilot", and "Romashka" is not the same...
EVA (honeycomb) car mats for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
The EVA car mats are made from high-quality Russian-made materials.
The surface of the mats is made up of squares.
The thickness of the mats is 10 mm, and the depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
The mats do not absorb or allow moisture.
The dirt is evenly distributed across the cells, keeping the surface clean.
The material used to make the mats is elastic, wear-resistant, and odorless.
It retains its properties in a temperature range from -50 to 50 °C.
The mats are easy to maintain and can be used all year round.
EVA floor mats cover the full area of the standard carpet, covering the rest area for the left foot.
The rear-seat tunnel is covered by a carpet.
The edge is made from a super-strong automotive strap.
Dimax Practik Basis Plus V13 180x220 cm mattress
The Dimax (Dimax) Practic Base Plus 13 mattress consists of a single type of filling.
It is a 13 cm thick artificial latex plate.
Thanks to the material characteristics, the mattress has a symmetrical medium firmness on both sides.
The item is covered with a jacquard cover with a stitching on the comfortable layer, removable or non-removable, depending on your choice.
PUR is a hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial latex (PUR) are characteristics similar to the natural counterpart, but at a lower cost.
Synthetic latex is flexible and elastic, but unlike natural material, it has greater stiffness.
It forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with quality support, which ensures comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not retain moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The durability and wear-resistance of this filler ensures the durability and wear-resistance of the mattress.
A quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature fluctuations.
Anatomical, affordable and temperature-resistant, this mattress is perfect for setting up a sleeping place on a country estate or in a country house.
Among its advantages are its universal medium firmness and maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave car dealers about 4.5% of the country's GDP
According to statistics from the Russian Automotive Market Research Agency (NAPI), Russians spent 2.784 trillion rubles on the purchase of new cars in the first 10 months of 2021, which is 28% more than in the same period last year.
To put it in perspective, the same amount (approximately 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
In September last year, President Vladimir Putin said at a meeting of the heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization that such a sum was equivalent to more than 4.5% of the country's GDP for 2020.
In terms of sales in the Russian market, the Korean brand Kia is in the lead.
Over the past 10 months of this year, he has managed to sell cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than the previous year.
The Hyundai brand, which is related to Kia, saw a growth of more than 35%, and the revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
This brand is also in the lead in terms of the increase in the average price of a car - over the past year, Hyundai's average price has risen by almost 21%, to 1.94 million rubles - only Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz had a more dynamic price increase.
However, the sales volumes of Korean brands did not increase so significantly: according to the statistics of the Automobile Manufacturers Committee of the Association of European Business in Russia, Kia sold 9.4% more cars over the same period last year.
Hyundai is up almost 12%.
Japanese Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales in monetary terms. Over the past 10 months, Russians have spent 275.5 billion roubles on Toyota cars, which is 14% more than a year ago.
Mercedes-Benz is in second place with 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - the German premium brand’s sales volume and average selling price both increased (by 37% and 28%, respectively, to 8.2 million rubles).
“Mercedes-Benz is experiencing simultaneous growth in sales and average selling price, more so than BMW, which explains the greater growth in financial capacity,” NAPi General Director Tatiana Arabadzhieva explained.
Chinese brands, which have also significantly increased their financial capacity this year, are showing fantastic growth rates in terms of sales."
The Russian Lada brand, in terms of income growth, demonstrates average market indicators (plus 28%), and Russians have spent 229.4 billion rubles on Lada cars over the past 10 months.
Companies that sold fewer cars in units in 2021 than in 2020 are at the same level as last year in terms of financial capacity: for example, Volkswagen, Mitsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is even in the red – Russians spent 12 billion rubles on UAZ vehicles and pickups in the first 10 months of the year, down from 12.4 billion rubles in the same period last year.
In the face of component supply problems and production disruptions affecting the entire automotive industry, auto companies continue to adjust prices - Lada, for example, raised the prices of its models seven times last year, the latest increase (by 8,000-10,000 rubles) took place at the end of November.
Other car manufacturers regularly change the prices of their products.
The volume of the Russian automotive market in terms of money will continue to grow - in addition to the shortage of cars, inflation and the desire of car manufacturers to make up for past losses are contributing to this, experts say.
In the context of a shortage of cars, I think many car manufacturers have been able to partially pass on the costs of previous periods to consumers, which they were not able to include in the price of cars in the past.
says VTB Capital analyst Vladimir Bespalov. -
I think that the car manufacturers are doing very well financially at the moment, with high margins on sales."
The indirect indicator of this is the pace of growth in car prices observed in 2021, new car prices are growing faster than inflation, the expert notes.
In the long term, the market will grow both in terms of quantity and in terms of money, but mainly due to inflation and the complication of the construction of the machines, predicts Bespalov.
As supply increases, the ability to raise prices will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow in the coming year even if the price growth slows down, notes independent automotive consultant Sergey Burgazliev.
Taking into account the increased demand and insufficient supply, car manufacturers are now trying to get the maximum profit from each sold car, notes Burgazliev.
Increases in production volumes are not expected for at least the next six months, and in Russia, the hype is being fuelled by citizens’ uncertainty about the future.
In the current market situation, cars turned out to be a good investment object – a car bought a year ago, even with mileage, can now be sold for more than its initial price, notes the expert.
Biden Says U.S. Would Send Troops to Ukraine in Case of Russian Invasion
The US never considered sending American troops to Ukraine in the event of a Russian "invasion."
US President Joe Biden made such a statement.
‘There was never such a plan,’ the White House chief of staff said, responding to a reporter’s question about whether the United States had abandoned the idea.
Biden noted that in case of escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
He stressed that the US and NATO have no obligation to use military force to defend Ukraine in the event of escalation.
The American leader also stated that the possibility of the use of American troops in a unilateral manner for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades Ukraine, the US will send forces to eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Czechia, and Estonia).
We're going to have to send more American and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 - all those NATO countries that we have a sacred obligation to defend from any attack by Russia," Biden said.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia, Dmitry Peskov, emphasized that Moscow has no intention of invading the territory of Ukraine.
He also noted that Moscow sees the problem in the combat use of the drones supplied by Turkey, as well as in the fact that “American weapons are approaching our territory.”
I immediately leave such interviews.
If they want me to listen to screaming, wait for hours, drink some incomprehensible gibberish, and wash another cup - I can't even imagine what it will be like at work.
I will find a normal place, without an HR layer, where I can talk to the manager right away.
Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 cm mattress
The average-height Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 mattress is made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut fiber.
One side is medium-firm, the other is medium-firm.
The delicate white jacquard cover is quilted with synthetic filling and has a zipper around the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Between the latex layers are thin layers of coconut coir.
The layered structure of the mattress is characterized by increased durability, wear resistance and load-bearing capacity.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material.
The filling holds its shape and recovers quickly after use.
Coconut fibre increases the strength of the product, and is naturally antibacterial.
The combination of these two materials allows the creation of a durable orthopedic sleeping place, which will serve buyers for many years.
Universality and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-firm surface is universally balanced with orthopedic support and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft tissues, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A medium-firm mattress is more relevant for those who need "back relief" and a healthy posture.
The mattress is perfect for one person or a couple.
Those who suffer from tossing and turning will especially appreciate the stability of the surface and the absence of the "waviness" effect, whereby vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite side, disturbing the sleeper.
Table easel "Studio" 20*24*54(65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
The Studio easel with adjustable height top holder.
Perfect for small canvases.
The material is natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists.
Smooth angle adjustment.
It is equipped with a shelf for stretched canvases and pads.
The upper holder securely holds the canvas.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, and the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a fraudster calls from a similar number, such as a "police officer" or a representative of another law enforcement agency, it is ineffective to immediately hang up, and it is unlikely that you will have time to put them on a blacklist.
Because to confirm his lie about his involvement in the power structures, he quickly repeats the call and continues to frighten and persuade.
The people need more useful recommendations.
What nonsense!
I don't believe that at all.
They don't know what to come up with, who to accuse.
They got to the Queen.
And, most importantly, in their opinion, everyone is to blame, except for the most-most...
Wouldn't it be better to leave people alone from coercion, of course, if we care about our people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
As in Japan... before the elections, the influence was weakened, and the number of infections decreased...
Wool set for felting "Assortment No. 2" 100% merino wool, 4x10 g.
Wool felting as a craft began eight thousand years ago, but it was very difficult to find animal fur, let alone coloured.
But now, voila!
We present a thin natural wool for felting from a Russian producer, which you don't have to run after in the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool for felting allow for the creation of bright and unique items.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your child, crafts, jewelry, decorations, clothing, and even accessories.
Imagine a couple of fluffy little lambs on your shelf, a small photo frame on the wall, a colourful necklace that will look great with your new dress, or unique home slippers that no one else will have…
Bring your ideas to life by "crashing" this fabulous wool!
Maria Kartashova, what does that mean?
I don't say my thoughts out loud, I curse you all in my mind.
I mentally chop off the heads of everyone who doesn't give me the right of way, mentally send them into a ditch and burn all the cars that get in my way, mentally!
And on the outside, I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter and Nicholas II, during their reigns, did not sign a single death sentence.
Even such hooligans as Kob and his gang.
And the bloody Sunday is a fabrication of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
A mattress, firm on both sides.
The natural material latex coconut fiber does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary firmness and resilience to the mattress.
The independent TFK spring block (512 springs per bed) will give you a unique comfort and the correct support for your spine while you sleep.
A cotton jacquard cover, lined with 200 grams.
Hallcon gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load on one sleeping place: 130 kg.
My horse.
Pony house with accessories, 6 pieces in the display.
The adorable pony lives in a cosy pink folding house.
If you open the house, you can install a kitchen in one of its halves, and a table in the other half.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, its mane and tail can be brushed with a comb.
The set includes: a 9 cm horse, a comb, a house (2 halves), a built-in table (2 parts), a kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a heart-shaped cake (2 parts), a juice bottle, 2 glasses, a teapot, a cup and a plate.
MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress, 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
The alternating layers of latex and firm coconut coir provide enhanced body support.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can easily support up to 170 kg per sleeping place.
However, there is no wave effect: couples lying next to each other do not slide towards each other regardless of the difference in weight.
The materials used to make the model have been subjected to rigorous quality control.
They are ventilated, do not get wet, do not absorb smells.
Thanks to the proper air circulation, a unique microclimate is created, which contributes to a healthy rest.
The parts are held together with a high-strength thermo-adhesive.
A student film by Alexander Sokurov won the European "Oscar" for best editing
The Russian film, "Clenching Fists," which was nominated for an Academy Award, received an award from the European Film Academy (also known as the "European Oscar") in the category of "Best Editing," reports "Moskovsky Komsomolets."
The jury of the competition, voting online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, assessed the outstanding mastery of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards was received this time by the film by Jasmila Žbanić (Bosnia and Herzegovina) “Where Are You Going, Aida?”
The film's main character is a translator for the UN mission, who is trying to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Clenching Fists," directed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells the story of the complicated relationship between a domineering father and children who want to break free from their father's authority in North Ossetia.
Earlier, it was announced that this film was nominated for the "Oscar" as the best foreign language film.
As regular friendly meetings between the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, and Turkey show, it seems that you, to put it mildly, are not in the know.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian KAMAZ enterprise.
