In my opinion, the literature program has been shaped by women of a certain age, based on their interests.
Among the Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They were writing epigrams, of course, from the point of view of the very oldest men in the ballroom.
And the psychology and torment of the heroines of Tolstoy and Turgenev is not so interesting to a teenager.
Teenage girls aren't usually interested in the psychology of heroes.
Thank you very much, very interesting.
Could the roses have been plush to show their sort?
Roses of this shade and with such a structure of petals, reminiscent of the peach, as a rule, dark-red, burgundy.
Pink roses look different, the petals have either a metallic or a silky shine.
Sharks attack surfers because they mistake them for seals.
It's kind of like a deltoid.
The tide may have carried the body miles down river.
Gorillas DON'T like to look into eyes - some safari parks give visitors goggles with eyes on them to avoid this.
The bees still orient to the scent...
Matrices PromTex Micropacket Premium 105x195.
Micro Packet Premium Model: comfort and natural ingredients.
The mattress has different firmness of the sides: middle-firm surface is made of latticed coconut fiber and natural latex, moderately soft - with a plate of natural latex.
The spring block with 1000 springs per square metre adapts quickly to the shape of the sleeper's body, preventing the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the features of this model are breathable materials.
The lattice, perforated to allow air to pass through, is naturally ventilated just like the coir core.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the sleeping place is maintained.
The extended warranty also applies to mattresses.
Manufacturer's official warranty term is 5 years, in practice mattress service life is much longer.
The protection against dust and pollution is ensured by a removable cover in vinyl, supplied as a set.
Buy a pair of mattress orthopedic pillow - it is recommended for maintaining optimal position of the spine while sleeping.
The filler determines the destination of the sides - coconut serves as anatomical support for the back, latex relaxes the muscles.
Get the brains in gear and hunt down the relatives!
Better off not having one than having one that...
You're either looking for a ride or someone willing to go in with you.
If not, sell the car, take the loss, don't be greedy.
Next time you think...
Andrey, you were clearly told that the retirees would not work on the front line.
Computer teacher won't help, he wasn't taught that, school plays Vindoo games.
So, no support.
With horror I remember these guests at my parents' house.
There's people at the door, and there's still ketchup boiling on the stove, and Mom's lying down on the floor.
My God, he's about to fall over the table.
And then some.
A week before the holiday, you do the shopping.
And the guests are what?
They're good, and they really don't need the cake.
I have hated holidays and guests ever since.
I barely cover the table for my family.
And the tastes that I prepare, I bake very often just like that.
Germany: 4th Coronavirus Vaccine Inevitable · Global Voices
A fourth vaccination would be needed in summer or fall of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be the final one, but will be continued with new strength.
Even with an aggressive vaccination campaign in Germany, two or three doses of the coronavirus vaccine may not be enough to provide complete protection.
Ulrich Weigelt, head of the Association of General Practitioners, is convinced of this.
This Saturday, December 11th, Die Welt reports.
We expect that the fourth vaccination will be needed in summer, no later than in autumn," the expert believes.
Wiegandt also hopes that a fourth vaccination against corona virus can be carried out "in combination with the flu vaccination."
This will help you to get the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination may help to control the spread of a new strain of coronavirus, Omikron.
And this new version is particularly dangerous.
All right, the likelihood of re-infection with Omecron is three times that of Delta or Beta strains.
Preliminary results from South Africa support this.
BioNTech / Pfizer intend to provide an Omikron-adapted vaccine by March 2022.
The companies stress that two doses of vaccine do not provide adequate protection from infection by the new strain of coronavirus, Omikron.
The BioNTech/Pfizer study showed that, with two doses of the vaccine, the effectiveness was significantly lower: "the neutralizing potential is reduced by more than 25-fold."
BioNTech and Pfizer noted that "these results suggest that two doses of mRNA-162b do not provide sufficient protection against omicron variant infection."
Therefore a third dose is required.
Experts are urging the country to speed up its vaccination efforts.
For example, the president of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, advocates reducing the interval between the second and third injection.
Moreover, as Zalcberger suggests, accelerated vaccination will influence the spread of both the delta virus and the omicron variant of the coronavirus.
The Israeli experience very convincingly demonstrates this, "the expert emphasized.
Waberer Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54 mm, 8.5 g.
Bet-A-Vib is a special version of the Bet-A family from Pontoon21 ®.
It (and the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibes in that it was originally designed for ice fishing, not just for bluegill.
These lenses have a higher than that of close-proximity analogs weight ratio, which undoubtedly positively affects nuances of the use of these interesting findings.
The other distinctive feature is the top plate made of sturdy and rigid plastic which creates additional shade of vibration during vertical and horizontal conduction.
Bet-A-Vib shows quite aggressive play as a "winter vibe" when fishing in the steep.
Often the most effective bait is a simple, repetitive jigging action, that is, working the lure up and down almost without pausing.
The trawls are designed so that the deviation from the vertical axis is not too great, which is an advantage when fishing in confined spaces obstructed by submerged vegetation, stones and other obstacles.
In addition, a slight deviation is relevant when fishing for pike and perch in winter, and especially in mid-winter, when a precise and aggressive presentation of the bait is required.
Having reached the furthest point in its trajectory, the Bet-a-Vib Instantaneously unfolds and returns to its original vertical position.
Bet-A-Vib is also very effective for ice fishing for perch.
To suit her capricious mood you can choose between two modifications: with noise cancellation (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
It was also noticed that the Bet-a-Vib vibrator is capable of stimulating even the most passive cat.
The Bet-A-Vibe vibrator demonstrates the distance and accuracy of your throw.
This knot is easy to tie and untie, and it holds well even with large diameters.
For catching roach, rudd, gudgeon or perch besides a uniform bait "step" is effective, sometimes with "scratching" on the bottom.
If you fish in weedy areas, you can switch to a double hook to reduce the chances of a fish getting caught.
Among the notes of her class Bet-a-Vib is among the most stable in work and, as a result, one of the most catchy.
It can be used with equal success in relatively shallow as well as in sufficiently deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST 36 buckles.
How many young layabouts are sitting on the necks of their parents.
The "golden youth" is obviously a bunch of clueless, ignorant teenagers.
Life has dealt you a bum hand.
Perhaps Mishustin had this disparate group in mind.
You gotta be kidding me.
There wasn't a pair of shoes in that store that I wanted.
What multiple-year contract are you talking about?
This shoe is made of leather.
Let's just hope it lasts the season.
Senden is as good as Karai.
Go in, look around, and make sure there's nothing in there we can use.
Libya: 7,000 Russian mercenaries operating in the country · Global Voices
Libya is host to more than 7,000 mercenaries employed by the private military company (PMC) Wagner.
This was announced on Sunday, December 12, by the President of the Republic's High State Council, Khalid al-Mishri.
There are currently more than 7,000 mercenaries from the Wagner Group operating in Libya.
They have planes.
They are also digging trenches in Sirt and Kurd.
They have 30 jet aircraft at Garissa (which is also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," Anadolu Agency quoted him as saying.
Khalid al-Mashri also indicated that the Russian mercenaries are "attempting to seize" the central portion of Libya stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea after "installing their man in power" in the Central African Republic.
Keep presence
According to the publication's interlocutor, Moscow was looking for a country to maintain its presence in North Africa and "settled in Libya."
Wagner has been present in Libya since 2019, using the airport and port in Sirte as well as the airport in Al Jawf, the agency noted.
Russian authorities officially deny that Wagner is supported by the Kremlin.
Where else would mercenaries be?
Wagner is allegedly active in nine African countries: the Central African Republic, Libya, the Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe and Angola, according to the agency.
The company provides military training to local forces, VIP personal security, and energy facility security.
In exchange for these services, Wagner's subordinates are granted certain privileges and licenses to extract minerals and natural resources as well as to supply weapons, technology, and military services to these countries," the article says.
According to the media, "Wagnerites" allegedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan and the Central African Republic.
The group is not listed in either the power ministry or the registry of law firms, and its fighters do not appear on the rolls of the regular army.
That company is under US sanction.
We recall that previously, the ambassadors of 27 EU countries approved the restrictions against Wagner.
The decision is expected to be adopted by the Council of the European Union on 13 December.
Libya
Libya's General National Council is de facto the country's second chamber of parliament with an advisory role dominated by Islamists, TASS writes.
This body has repeatedly called for the postponement of the single day of voting for the election of MPs and the head of state from 24 December to at least February 2022.
Less than two weeks remain before the vote, and the chances of holding them on time are dimming rapidly, the report said.
Libya's High Election Commission has postponed indefinitely the announcement of a final list of candidates, the Sky News Arabia television channel reports.
Russia's Foreign Policy in the Eyes of Russians
Thirty-eight percent of Russians see their country's foreign policy as more of a success than a failure, while 29% view it as a failure.
Successful examples: "In Syria they defended and restored peace there," "The decision on" North Stream-2 "we scared the whole world that cool weapon," "We annexed Crimea.
The main failures are "conflict with Ukraine," "confrontation with the West," "isolation from the world," - says the study of the Public Opinion Foundation.
The Dubai government has gone completely paperless - all government services are now digital
The Government of Dubai has announced a complete shift from paper-based transactions to digital technology.
All public services to the population will also be provided exclusively electronically.
The news was reported by the Emirates News Agency, WAM.
His Highness Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai and Chairman of the Executive Council of Dubai, said: "Today marks the beginning of a new phase in digitising all walks of life in Dubai - we have become a fully paperless government."
Now the internal and external document circulation in all the public institutions of Dubai will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The initiative has involved - without exception - all sectors: health, utilities, police, municipalities, courts, etc. Many commercial entities have also joined the Government initiative.
Dubai began its transition to e-government and document digitization in 2018.
During this time, according to the authorities, 336 million paper sheets were saved, which is equivalent to 14 million hours of human labor and $353.8 million in cash.
Previously, Moscow Mayor Sergey Sobyanin said that e-services save citizens 2 days per year.
Dana, well, the date of birth and how old the kid is, that's marzipan, the class and the group at kindergarten too.
Well, I don't believe I've had the pleasure.
When they do occur, they affect everyone, including the family.
My mom, her two brothers and grandma with great-grandma lived at 3 Vladimirskaya, first floor, no elevator.
First they knocked on the door, then they broke a window, then they went in through the window, but grandpa had a baseball bat and he hit them.
Those men knew someone was in the house.
Turkish Automotive Production and Export Down in 2020
Turkish car production and exports plummeted in November, amid the lira's depreciation.
As a result, the industry's performance over the first 11 months was worse than last year's, Bloomberg reported, citing data from the Turkish Automotive Manufacturers' Association.
According to the association, in November in Turkey have left the factories 115 thousand cars, which is 20% less than a year ago.
About 75.9 thousand machines were exported, which is 25% less than last year.
If in the first 10 months of this year, the automotive industry of Turkey demonstrated a positive dynamics compared to last year, then in 11 months of 2021, car output fell by 0.3% compared to the previous year.
The reason for this was the sharp depreciation of the Turkish lira, which in November lost 29% against the dollar.
This has led to a decline in economic activity across all industries.
Over 500 SMEs received a credit payment postponement in 2021
Deputy Prime Minister Alihan Smailov spoke about the situation with the provision of preferences for small and medium-sized businesses, Kazinform correspondent reports.
According to the information of the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for the regulation and development of the financial market, this year pursuant to the order of the Head of State of April 1, 2021 No. 127 "On approval of the Procedure for granting a deferral of payments on loans of small and medium-sized business entities" has been adopted by the Decree of the Chairman of the Agency of April 9, 2019 No. 23 "On the approval of Procedure for granting deferrals of payments on credits of small and medium business entities."
It was recalled that the provision for loan rescheduling allowed banks and microfinance institutions to reschedule loans to MBs, including IPs, that were disbursed prior to April 1, 2021, from April 1 to June 30, 2012.
The deferral period ranged from 30 days to 90 days at the discretion of the IFB participant.
The borrower's statement may indicate a different postponement period.
During the postponement for the borrower were suspended the claim work, the notification of the need to pay the overdue debt, as well as the collection by the lender of commissions and other payments," the Deputy Prime Minister said.
In 2021, the second-tier banks received 603 applications for postponement of debt payments from 603 KMK borrowers, of which 553 KMKs received postponement for a total amount of KZT 9.7 billion.
131 legal entities applied for the postponement in the FST, out of which the postponement was granted to 95 entities for the total amount of KZT 105.8 million," A. Smailov concluded.
Pulmonologist Puretsky suggested that people with weakened immune systems could carry the streptococcus easily.
The doctor thought that people with a weakened immune system might be more likely to spread it than someone with a strong immune response.
Pulmonologist Sergey Puryazev explained why the strain of coronavirus can be dangerous.
The reason lies in the conditions under which the virus arose.
Scientists believe the measles virus is born in the body of an infected person or a person with a weakened immune system.
I mean, in a mutation, he didn't meet any resistance from the immune system.
It makes him more aggressive.
By not having an immune response, he got really sick really fast.
It is possible that there are more of these proteins than normal, or that their antibodies have not been cut during the mutations, "commented pulmonologist Sergey Puryasev.
The doctor guessed that people with a weakened immune system might be more likely to get a Helicobacter infection than people whose immune systems were working well.
It turns out that a strong response to anything, any infection, is not always good.
The body can kill itself in these cases.
That's what happens with pneumococcal infection, where you get 30-year-old young adults and 60-year-old old adults collapsing en masse.
The immune response of the young is inadequate: where a finger in the eye would have sufficed, it strikes like a sledgehammer.
The doctor also recalled that the coronavirus has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
The causes of light are bacterial and viral.
If the first is very successful and fast, in the second case you often can buy only the symptoms - all hope on the organism.
The first sign of developing pneumonia will be the onset of body intoxication - this is temperature, weakness, discomfort.
Then there are the respiratory symptoms: shortness of breath, tightness in the throat, a cough.
Pains in the right or left side, abdominal pains can also indicate a developing problem.
In the meantime, in Russia, until the end of the year may start vaccinate the growing generation from 12 to 18 years.
Virologist and head of the Laboratory of Genetic Engineering at MFTI Pavel Volkov noted that this category suffer very actively from HPV.
Adolescents in school have the most contacts.
These are the most socially active people, just like kindergarten teachers, "Moscow 24" quoted Pavel Volkov, virologist, head of the genomic engineering lab at MFTI.
Enormous thanks to the author for this article.
She was happy to refresh her memory--
Teeth-in.
In the distant seventies-eighties no dance floor could do without the band's tunes.
And at home, with friends, they would dance to their music.
Immunologists have advanced a hypothesis to explain why some people with HIV develop Kaposi's sarcoma.
The team studied the living tissue left over from the bariatric surgery and found that the living cells, known as adipocytes, could be infected by the coronavirus.
Immune cells in the mucosa, macrophages, were also activated, showing a strong inflammatory reaction.
Scientists have also examined the fatty tissue of SARS patients who died of the disease and found particles of the coronavirus in the fat that surrounded various organs.
We know that HIV and flu viruses can hide out in fatty tissue, using it as a reservoir to try to evade the immune system.
probably capable of doing that as well.
The biologist talked about the causes of dementia
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semen Goloshaykin told about the causes of dementia and ways to prevent it in an interview to radio Sputnik.
According to WHO, this disease affects more than 55 million people.
The syndrome is characterized by gradual cognitive impairment - over time, a person has difficulty recognizing even familiar surroundings.
Goloshaikin noted that the most common causes of dementia are neurodegenerative disorders, head trauma, some infections, metabolic disorders, and vitamin deficiencies.
There are factors that increase the risk of developing the disease.
These include hypertension, diabetes, elevated cholesterol levels, obesity, depression and alcoholism.
At the behavioral level possible role of such factors as social isolation and lack of active cognitive activity," - said he.
Dementia can also be caused by bad habits - smoking, alcohol abuse, disrupted sleep patterns and a sedentary lifestyle.
Early warning signs include memory lapses, inability to concentrate and reduced abstract thinking.
There is a discussion that hearing loss could be either an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease or a risk factor for its development," the scientist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, the WHO recommends maintaining an adequate level of physical activity, training cognitive skills and abilities that require memory and logic.
Previously, Professor of the Department of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Medical Genetics of the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration.
N.I. Pyrogova, Head of the Department of Cognitive Disorders of the Federal Brain and Neotechnology Center Anna Bogolepova told about the causes of memory problems.
Egypt to Return Nearly 30,000 Illegally Exported Artefacts
Over the past decade, the Kaire government has managed to repatriate nearly 30,000 artifacts that were smuggled out of the country.
This was announced on Saturday, December 11, by Chief Inspector of the Department of Returning Antiquities at the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities of Egypt Shaaban Abd El Gawad in an interview with Al-Hayat TV channel.
Since 2011, the Egyptian State has succeeded in returning 29,300 artefacts.
Only this year in the Bible Museum in Washington 5300 monuments of ancient Egyptian civilization were discovered," he said.
Abdel Gawad added that all smuggled antiquities are registered in the archives.
Now department officials are working on getting them back to Egypt.
In particular, they "track auctions worldwide and sales on the internet" through overseas and Egyptian websites as well as social media.
The Director-General explained that when the cultural objects were returned they were restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to Hawass, one of the returned artefacts was an ancient human skeleton discovered in Belgium, which is now part of the collection of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, the Egyptian authorities asked Interpol to help find a bust of the pharaoh Tutankhamun sold at a London auction.
The Christie's auction house sold the 3,000-year-old bust for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles) on July 4.
This caused displeasure from Egypt.
The Egyptian party also claims that the artifact was illegally removed from the Temple of Karnak at Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted as the sun god Amun, has been in a private collection and has not been on the market since 1985.
It is not known how the relic arrived in Europe.
Egypt has in recent years been actively seeking the return of antiquities which were illegally removed from the country at different periods.
Authorities say 95 percent of the contraband antiquities are the result of archaeological digs by "black diggers."
Crimean Tartars (232 thousand) - this is an independent people (related to the Turks).
According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census, the Crimean Tatar language is spoken by 42,000 people in Crimea.
The Crimean Tatars are a separate people, and the name of this people consists of two words!
The only thing they have in common is that they are all members of the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants to access employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse is requiring its employees to give the bank access to their personal mobile devices, the Financial Times reports.
The problem is that in Europe and the US, Swiss banks do not provide their employees with corporate devices, instead offering a discount on a mobile phone or smartphone from a partner telecom operator.
Under normal circumstances, the Bank may review information on corporate devices issued to its staff as these are used for business purposes with colleagues or clients.
The bank reserves the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases - for example, if an employee used their mobile device to arrange a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now that many employees work remotely, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices that were used for work purposes.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a deadline until which employees can get used to the new rule.
Credit Suisse officially does not comment on the new requirement.
Dual mattress SONTELLE VIVRE 70 x 200 cm.
In the center of the mattress Vivre Dual royal placed a quality and durable block of high-automatic springs TFC 18.
The natural coir fibres provide resilience, the zone latex distributes pressure more evenly, the Aloe Vera latex provides hygiene for the sleeping area and the embossed foam relaxes.
Average symmetrical hardness and great height (30 cm).
The unit comes wrapped in a tight roll and is ready for operation shortly after unpacking.
The check is made of sturdy twill fabric with track on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of space does not wrinkle or stretch with time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergey Yesenin's life, 1925, was fruitful in terms of creativity, but difficult for the poet's earthly existence and his "ego."
He is out of any kind of literary unions, he is squandering his image, he is on his own, but he is well-known, in demand, sometimes we criticise him harshly, but the reading public loves him.
Over the year wrote more than 60 poems, many of them - true masterpieces, completed the cycle "Persian Motifs," wrote the poem "Snow Anna," published 8 books, including "Russia Soviet.
The most important success - at the end of June, 1925, Gozisdat concluded a contract with Yesenin for publication of his works in 3 volumes.
No contemporary of Sergey Alexandrovich's has been so honoured, he's the first!
In addition, this brought in very good money - the contractor was paid 1000 rubles monthly for 20 months (the plant director, for example, received 300 rubles a month, an engineer - 200.)
Funding that year was needed more than ever.
Jeanine was married to Leo Tolstoy's niece, Sofia Tolstaya, and had to keep house for her siblings, Katya and Sasha, and their mother.
Life has started, there is something to be happy about, but for him everything is overshadowed by dark tones, as if the nightmare from the poem "Black Man" (composed in November 1925 and published posthumously) has materialized:
My friend, my friend
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where that pain came from.
Is the wind blowing
Over an empty and uninhabited field,
Like the forest in September,
His brain is pickled in alcohol.
Many familiar have noted that Jeshua severely declined, he looks very bad, he is obviously sick.
There are more and more outbursts, more and more nervous breakdowns.
And it's probably not just the alcohol...
By the way, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was ever given to Sergey Alexandrovich, no reliable documents have survived.
Let's take those relating to May 1923, when Jesús, on the insistence of his fourth wife, the American actress Isadora Duncan, was being treated for health problems at a clinic outside Paris by Professor Petr Gannushkin (he would see Jesús again two years later in Moscow).
But as for the evidence of the poet, the scandals on that account, the leads to the militia - they are sufficiently scattered in dozens of memoirs.
From the beginning of the 20's the poet's terrifying love story with a green snake rapidly developed.
At the end of the summer of 1923, he stayed for a short time with his friend the imagist Ivan Starcev.
Strangely enough, Esenin, who had a good income, never had his own flat in Moscow or Petrograd; he lived in rented rooms, in hotels or with friends.
Starcov remembers:
He would come over just to sleep, and most of the time he was incoherently drunk.
Once, coming back at four in the morning, Jesús fell on the stairway...
He fell, scraping his face and whispering.
Having come to his senses, he began to cough uncontrollably, spitting blood everywhere..."
And Jesus himself, after his crucifixion in Europe and the US (there was a dry spell in the States back then, but Duncan brought an excellent scotch supply with her), was known to say:
I didn't see anything but bunkers and streets.
I'm at the end of my rope and I don't give a damn about people any more.
Well, I've been drinking, of course...
And the reason I drank was because I was homesick."
Shina Pirelli (Pirelli) Scorpion Winte...
PIRELLI SCORPION WINTER tread compound, based on a high performance mix of rubber and silica, ensures long life, uniform wear, and resistance to stress.
The linear design of the PIRELLI Scorpion Winter tyres ensures low rolling resistance and directional stability.
Four deep grooves effectively channel away water, mud and debris from the tread contact area of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter.
3D-Stick™ technology enhances grip on ice, snow and gravel.
Large flaps in the armpit area increase the lateral grip of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter during manoeuvres, increase traction and reduce stopping distance.
Small gaps and cracks allow heat to escape.
Duet Economy 100% Latex Free Size 195x100
Duet Latex Econom is a modern version of a budget model in a premium class line.
The base of the mattress is the Duet independent double spring block.
Within the large spring, a smaller, softer spring is housed.
This allows a more even load distribution on the springs.
On both sides of the mattress is supplemented by a filler - an artificial latex.
It is similar to natural lacteal but it is more dense and less expensive.
The softness and elasticity of this material increases the comfortable effect of the mattress.
The synthetic latex is hypoallergenic and does not absorb moisture and dust.
A pair with a big difference in weight (from 30 kilograms) will do very well.
The "smart" springs mean there's no wave effect where the lighter partner is flipped towards the heavier one.
A pleasant, soft to the touch Czech fleece from the practical Sense jacket is lined with a layer of sinteon.
A natural fabric doesn't accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this mattress model in a folded version (vacuum packaging).
He's almost 16 now, and he hasn't had a hard-on in years.
All his energy goes into choosing what he will do to earn a living.
He is much more responsible than I was at his age or my husband, who had a spotty record before we married.
A father cares for his young daughter.
And loves, as wrote Lermontov, "strange love."
Why would a girl cry on an exam she hasn't failed yet?
Why doesn't he tell his daughter it's not a school.
She'll have the tail.
So what?
Move over.
Millions of students know that.
What are we even talking about?
Polish Foreign Ministry Considers that Belarus Uses Migrants as "Weapon" against the EU
Polish Foreign Ministry Considers that Belarus Uses Migrants as "Weapon"
Deputy Foreign Minister of Poland Pawel Jablonski believes that President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as "an instrument" against the European Union and intends to return to such "operation" next year.
A relevant statement was made by the head of the MFA in an interview to the Australian newspaper Financial Review.
According to Jablonski, the sanctions against Belarus have temporarily "stopped Lukashenka," but he is "actively seeking new ways."
The Polish official is also sure that illegal migrants will be used as a weapon "in many parts of the world."
As kp.ru wrote, earlier the European Union introduced the fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
It involved 17 natural persons and 11 entities.
In Europe, more restrictive measures against the Republic have been announced, "if the situation in the country does not improve."
In response, Belarus imposed a food embargo on a long list of goods from countries that had earlier decided to impose sanctions against Belarus.
Czech cloth for clothes 60x100 cm, spandex, blue color.
To get the best out of your clothes, you need to look after them.
Proper storage will prolong the life and maintain the attractive appearance of your furniture.
A nice Czech beer will help.
Advantages.
Using a check pattern for the clothing you can save a lot of space.
This is particularly true if you have a lot of stuff and a small closet.
Humble exterior.
It's bigger than any gown or sari you've got hanging in your wardrobe.
These acrylic hangers allow you to sort your clothes and keep them hidden from prying eyes.
For those who use the stand instead of a normal shelf it is the most optimal variant.
The protector film reliably protects the fabric from dirt and moisture, insects, mechanical damage or fading.
Prevents garments from changing shape during long-term storage, prevents lumps from forming.
Features of the Czech for clothes.
The special fabric allows your clothes to "breathe."
Under normal conditions of use the life of such a liner is not limited.
You can store not only clothes, but also bed linen, duvets and much more.
The plunger is "set in motion" by means of a strong rope.
Important to remember!
To prepare items for long-term storage, clean and airdry them.
Choose a box of optimal size: Items should not bend from the bottom.
It is not recommended to hang several large things in one bag: they may stretch the bag.
If you value order and neatness, take care of your belongings, want to preserve them and extend their service life - buy a dry cleaner for clothes.
Enter the big catalog and choose the article of the right color and size at a favorable price!
Not By The Hair On My Chinny Chin Chin: When A Briefcase Makes A Man Of A Mouse
In the secular events of 2021, dominated by business suits.
The first to announce his new fashion decision was Daniel Craig.
In September at the premiere of the film "It's Never Too Late" he appeared in a lavish purple velvet jacket and traditional "Bond" tuxedo.
He was followed twice by his nephew Prince William, who first wore an inexcusably non-royal lime green berette for an Earthshot Prize award ceremony, and then chose a more classy option for a Royal Variety fundraiser.
A couple of weeks ago, the trend caught up with Lionel Messi.
The soccer star arrived to pick up his seventh Golden Ball in a dapper Dolce & Gabanna tux.
His sons, too, for that matter.
AliExpress has noticed the growing demand for men's leather jackets in Russia.
According to the service's analysts, as cited by Gazeta.Ru, they began buying them 1.4 times more frequently.
The most popular are warm overcoats with lining and shaped waist, basic colors are dark gray, brown, dark blue and, of course, black.
The average price of such models - from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. Men prefer to buy exclusively jackets - suits of velvet they choose less often.
You don't have to buy them from an online retailer.
Budget options are available at H&M, Mango, Next and Zara.
The luxury pajama segment this season is represented practically by all brands - from Brioni to Paul Smith, from Etro to Saint Laurent.
The most coveted is the Gucci model, in which came out for the premiere of the movie "House Gucci" ambassador of the brand Jared Leto.
By choosing expensive merchandise, you can be sure that silk is made of silk.
The special weaving technique creates a dense fabric with a fuzzy outside and a smooth inside.
More budgetary options are made of cotton or polyamide, but serve, respectively, less.
Fashion expert Lamoda Ilia Vakushin warns that with a raincoat the main thing is not its model or lining, but functionality.
It is perfect for those who are going to a party or a solemn event in the evening.
The other important criterion which makes it possible to opt for a fur coat is its buyer's status.
People who wear blazers tend to belong to the group of people who rarely buy tickets.
They are just invited to related secular events, where a dress-code is always specified.
Ilya Vakhoshin suggests combining a checked blazer with similar things: classic trousers with stripes, monochrome shirts, silk shirts, loafers with buckles, brooches.
Too simple and mundane will look out of place.
Fashion experts from Brammell's Closet are confident: it would be out of place for a regular employee in a corporation to carry a designer bag, but if we are talking about a "manager among those who steer the process" - then it is quite appropriate.
If the rank of the employee is lower, and his goal is the desire to move up in the complex hierarchical structure of the company or extract financial bonuses, then it is better not to put on a silk pyjamas.
The editors of the men's fashion Telegram-channel believe that the management definitely appreciated the phrase "not for the faint-hearted."
Very mixed feelings about the voice.
It's an unnatural tone, so drawn out.
And you don't associate it with the sweet face of a young girl.
To be honest, I don't see the attraction of the countryside.
But I wish him all the happiness in the world.
It is all about the money - alternative energy is well lobbied, that is, it is splashed out.
Billions of investments.
Were they crushed?
No, the price of electricity went up.
Conventional energy is also not doing well - gas, oil and coal have all been cheaper to buy than they are now.
The wild demand fuel.
Little dude's hanging in there.
Who's flying it?
Nothing out of the ordinary. Just your average consumer.
Is the sheriff troubled by the plight of the Indians?
Therefore, Western politicians should not be considered fools "who have caused" the energy crisis.
They did their job.
A nice tip.
I didn't see a single attractive man in the pictures in the article.
Just mediocrity in the statistical average passenger.
Possibly, if such characters are so convinced of their beauty that they decide to show it off all over the wagon, then they probably won't get shot.
But only due to mental disorder and ignorance such "heroes" are, but not due to their appearance.
A slave who is aware of his condition and struggles against it is a revolutionary.
The worker, who is unconscious of his slavery, and who lives in the quiet, unconscious, and speechless slavery of his life, is simply a worker.
Ra. There is a small group of people
The immunologist says that revaccination in 4-5 months will help to protect from the Omikron coronavirus strain."
Revaccination in four to five months may protect against a new strain of the coronavirus omicron.
This was stated by immunologist Nikolai Kudryavtsev, who called the incubation period of six months, considering the emergence of a new strain "a very long time"
Under the previous scheme such term was normal, but now it is better to conduct the procedure after five months, and people with chronic diseases - after four, "- said the expert, calling in parallel with the awareness campaign, to deal with vaccination.
Kruchkov also noted that early revaccination provides a good titre of neutralising antibodies.
If a person was given two vaccines and a bumper, or he was infected and vaccinated, or vaccinated and infected, he got "hybrid immunity," that is, antibodies many and enough to neutralize, "explained the expert.
G7 warned Russia of "significant consequences" if it invades Ukraine · Global Voices
The G7 countries (Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States) issued a statement on the outcome of the Foreign Ministers' meeting in Liverpool.
It stresses that a "military aggression" by Russia against Ukraine "will have catastrophic consequences and will be very costly" for Moscow, but does not spell out concrete measures.
We, the Foreign Ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States and the High Representative of the European Union, stand united in our condemnation of Russia's military build-up and aggressive rhetoric towards Ukraine," the statement said.
Furthermore, the ministers call on Russia "to halt the escalation, use diplomatic channels, and abide by its international obligations regarding transparency in military activities," as U.S. President Joe Biden said in a video message to Russian President Vladimir Putin on December 7.
We reaffirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements with a view to settling the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the G7 foreign ministers added.
The use of force to change borders is prohibited under international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have immense consequences and at a serious price in return," they warned.
We reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as to the right of any sovereign State to determine its future.
We welcome Ukraine's restraint.
We will intensify our cooperation in our common and comprehensive response," the statement adds.
Earlier in the day, British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond warned that Russia would face "serious consequences" if it invaded Ukraine.
According to her, the meeting showed "the united voice of the G7 countries, which account for 50% of the world GDP, and they made it clear that an invasion of Ukraine would have huge consequences for Russia."
Pfizer's vaccine was found to be 32 times less effective against the omicron strain.
The vaccine from Pfizer BioNTech against the coronavirus strain Omicron is 32 times less effective compared to other types of the disease.
That's the conclusion of researchers at the University of Hong Kong and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, the South China Morning Post reports.
The vaccine was deemed less effective based on the study of the antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the Covid-19 vaccine.
We see that most people have had a high level of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV variant 2, but that ability has been significantly reduced against the omicron variant," Professor Malik Peiris explained.
However, they stressed that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against a severe outbreak of the disease when there is coronavirus infection.
Previously, researchers at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted the coronavirus pandemic would develop based on the influence of the omega-3 fatty acids.
The study concluded that the omicron strain could cause a new wave of viral circulation and increased mortality unless additional measures were taken.
Ukrainian Defense Minister Accuses Germany of Blocking NATO Arms Supplies to Kiev · Global Voices
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine Alexei Reznikov accused the government of former German Chancellor Angela Merkel in blocking the purchase of Kiev deadly weapons in the framework of NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznikov recalled that last month Germany vetoed Ukraine's purchase of anti-aircraft systems and sniper rifles.
It is noted that later Berlin softened its position regarding the rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defence, Kiev intends to acquire the above-mentioned weapons through bilateral agreements with allies.
They are the US, Britain, Lithuania and France.
Meanwhile, the FT notes that the position of the new German government under Chancellor Olaf Scholz on allowing arms deliveries to Ukraine remains unclear.
Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine's Ambassador to Germany Andriy Melnyk said that Kiev should not expect weapons deliveries from Berlin under Chancellor Angela Merkel.
According to him, the previous leadership of the FRG explained its refusal to supply weapons by the risk of escalation of military conflict in Donbas, despite "occupation by Russia" of part of Ukrainian territory.
Such an "uncompromising" position, the diplomat is sure, Germany will keep under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukraine's leader, Volodymyr Zelenskiy, said that Kyiv expects Berlin to help it build a navy.
Ukraine counts on Germany to be its "technical partner," the president added.
It was also noted that in the spring of this year co-chairman of the German Green Party Robert Habeck visited the republic, where he spoke in favor of selling Kiev defensive weapons.
Sergei NOSOV 2, no, can't see shit.
Press "i" instead of "e"?
Let in a lot of strangers?
Now you're scribbling instead of scribbling.
No, you are a nigger.
And to a philologist, it's shameful.
Game set "Fishing": e/f light, sound, in playing field, 2 nets, 5 figures, bat. 3AA not incl.
Electric children's fishing - fun and useful for the development of the child toy.
By playing, the baby will train the fine motor skills, develop agility, accuracy and attention.
Add a toy, such as five miniature fish swimming in a loop around an imitation riverbed to a musical tune.
Child's task - to catch them all on the hook!
The set includes 2 puddles.
Battery operated, 3 x AA size, 1.5 V (not included).
The playing field size is 21x17x4 cm.
The moulding is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
In Moscow called the winners of the prize named after Arsenyev - Russian Newspapers
The solemn ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian Literary Prize "Far East" - 2011 took place in Buryatia.
V. K. Arsenyeva passed in Moscow.
A total of 89 applications were submitted this year, as announced on the prize's Instagram page.
63 players made the cut.
The leaders among the number of applications submitted are Primorsky and Khabarovsky districts - 13 and 11 applications.
More than 60 works were submitted for the award in three categories: "Long fiction," "Shorter fiction," "Children's fiction."
Nine productions made the shortlist - three in each category.
The Long Prose nomination went to Alexandr Filkin (Primorsky) for The Inscription on the Gospel.
The winner's prize was given by the Deputy Prime Minister - the Plenipotentiary of the Russian President to the South Federal District Yuri Trutnev.
In the short prose nomination the best work was recognized as Love Bezbakh (Sakhalin Region) for the work Night Rain Whisper.
The award was presented by Russia's Minister for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic, Alexey Chekunkov.
The winner in the "Children's prose" nomination was Buryat writer Nina Belomestnova and her "The Golden Thread."
Its author is a scriptwriter, writer, PhD in philology and the Chairman of the Jury of the Andrey Geliksimov Prize.
First prize is 500,000 rubles!
It should be reminded that the "Far East" Prize is awarded to the authors of the best works on the Far East.
The main goal of the Prize is not only to honor the winners and talk about contemporary authors, but also to bring cultural attention to the Far East as a territory of priority development in the 21st century.
Eligible works include novels, story and poetry collections, and non-fiction and memoirs.
The place of residence of the author is not important, the main thing is to write in Russian.
The official website of the prize: https://premia.kz/.
Square, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble, 4277884.
Kukmar marble "stone" is made of cast aluminium and covered with an innovative anti-graffiti water based marble coating reinforced with mineral particles.
Features of the "Marble" series.
The significant wall and bottom thickness prevents deformation of the body, ensures durability and provides the necessary strength of the coating.
High-performance anti-graffiti water-based coating reinforced with mineral particles.
An environmentally safe fluorine-free finish without PFOA (perfluorooctanoic acid).
Ideal heat distribution over the entire cooking surface, long heat retention.
The possibility of using a minimum of fat.
Anti-graffiti marble coating is applied by spraying, which guarantees the extraordinary durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and minor abrasions on the surface of the casing do not affect the properties of the anti-dust coating and the durability of the lens.
The products do not deteriorate and maintain their flavor.
Prepare tasty and healthy food without the use of oil, like on hot stones.
Thickened bottom up to 6 mm.
Good thermal conductivity and ergo-nomics.
Easy, easy.
For all types of panels except induction.
You can fit in a washing machine.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner lining is made of marble.
High-performance water-based anti-corrosion coating, reinforced with abrasion-resistant mineral particles.
Reinforced ground floor.
Flat surface for better adherence of the coating.
Aluminium body up to 6 mm thick.
The outer skin is an antibacterial membrane.
The Kukmara soup maker will turn the everyday chore of cooking into a pleasant and easy pastime for any housewife.
Years ago... many years ago, I made a similar jump.
Gutted the place, kitchen sink and all.
It's a three-room apartment.
She did.
Course, project, approval, new tech port, all above board.
They've put a bookcase in the vestry and a large cupboard in the organ loft.
They took out the kitchen door and that gave us more room.
After almost 10 years in this apartment, we never regretted it.
They put the shower in the tub by mistake.
A hundred times I've regretted it!
I only recently realized that I love rom.
But the beautiful world of the Roma is still closed to me, except for "Bakardi" and "Captain Morgan."
So where do we start this beautiful relationship?
I got shot, too.
I won't go into details.
He came to Seaside for a "rest cure."
It just so happens that I'm not feeling well...
Houses are pretty, but normal birds do not settle in bright houses, because they attract too much attention, ask ornithologists.
Plus the sulfur and other chemical bonds will repel the birds.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try it.
What's this about Japan?
Thanks for the recipe.
And what variety of apples should we get according to the recipe?
This is really delicious.
I'm going to add some more chopped fresh parsley and a lemon wedge.
Try it.
A zombie recently stated that the automobile industry is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A pie chart came up on the screen showing what percentage of these semiconductors (presumably microcontrollers) each country was producing.
Russia was not on that list.
There it is!
In the USA with their expensive labor - yes, and we in Russia - no!
I've been having contractions.
I miss it, actually.
If I had seen her well, things could have been different.
But besides hate, gossip, and scandal, there's nothing to remember.
I feel sorry for her, living in bitterness.
Mercedes protests the results of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi
The German Mercedes team, whose pilot Lewis Hamilton finished the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in second place behind Red Bull's Max Verstappen, has filed a protest against the results of the race, Formula 1's press service reported.
The Stewards considered that this incident constituted an infringement of Art. 48 (12) and (8) of the FIA Formula One World Championship Sporting Regulations.
In the first case, the German team contests the decision of the judges to return the runners to the circle with the leaders.
Under the second, Ferstappen passed Hamilton in an area where overtaking is permitted.
We add that the result of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi, according to which Verstappen ahead of Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the world championship "Formula 1" are preliminary, until the protests "Mercedes" will be considered unknown
G7 warns Russia of consequences over Ukraine incursion
Foreign ministers of the Group of Seven warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if it continues its military aggression against Ukraine, according to a final statement by the parties.
Participants also noted that they condemn the increasing Russian military presence on the country's borders.
Russia should be in no doubt that any further military aggression against Ukraine would carry grave consequences and costs, "the statement published on the British government's website said.
The G7 ministers and the EU supreme representative noted that "we stand united in condemning Russia's military build-up and aggressive rhetoric towards Ukraine."
British Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss warned of "significant consequences" for Russia if it invades Ukraine during a press conference in Liverpool.
We have made it clear that any invasion would have severe consequences...
The G7 wants Russia to refrain from aggression towards Ukraine," she said (quoted by TASS).
Previously, at the summit in Liverpool, G7 foreign ministers agreed that to resolve the crisis caused by the build-up of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine, the parties must return to the negotiating table.
The negotiations were in "Norman mode."
The North Atlantic Alliance has spoken out in favor of dialogue on Ukraine in the "Norman format."
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that by inviting Russia and Ukraine back to the negotiating table, the G7 "have confessed their inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
Clearance Homsu Diamond.
The clear Diamond bag is perfect for working out, travel or just a stroll.
It is convenient to take it with you, it is interchangeable, made of sturdy and light fabric.
The main section is opened by a lever, which can be done without effort even while on the move.
The stylish and vibrant design will appeal to women who have a really discerning taste in accessories.
Dimensions: 19x12x7 cm. Adjustable strap lenght from 40 to 60 cm.
The material allows easy removal of the waist bag using various household tools.
A special buckle size adjuster makes life easier.
Revealed ways of return of stolen via online store money
There are several ways to get back the money stolen through online stores and not become a fraud victim in the future.
In an interview with RBC, information security experts unravel them.
Thus, to minimize the risk of incurring large losses in the event of falling into the hands of criminals, it is recommended to keep the main funds on the card or in the bank account, which is not used for online shopping.
Part of the savings can be deposited in a savings account and withdrawn as necessary.
Experts also recommend having a separate card for online purchases.
If the money was stolen during purchases in stores that do not use the 3D Secure protection technology, the money can be refunded.
According to the rules, set by payment systems, for unauthorized transactions, not passing through 3D Secure vicarious liability rests with the participant of the payment system, who did not use this service, "- said the representative of Promsvyazbank.
Arthur Zaretsky, expert from the international payment provider Ecommpay, underlined that the buyer has the right to file a claim to the bank to dispute the fraudulent transaction no later than 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the offender used a card on online resources that do not require two-factor authentication, the transaction can be disputed and the money recovered.
In some cases, the website will refund the customer if the order has not yet been shipped.
On November 19, Katerina Myzulina, a member of the Public Chamber and Director of the Internet Safety League, said that in 2021 alone, 11,000 requests had been received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of forged documents to the theft of personal data.
In her view, a single window to report online scammers could be an effective solution in the current circumstances.
Scholz arrives in Poland to discuss Nord Stream 2, EU legislation
The newly elected German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw for talks on the crisis with migrants on the border with Belarus, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the build-up of Russian troops on the Ukrainian border and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline Nord Stream 2.
While Scholz spoke of his desire to maintain good German-Polish relations for years to come, the two countries' leaders made no secret of their mutual expectations.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said he would ask Scholz to speak out against the "Nord Stream 2" pipeline that is supposed to deliver Russian gas to Germany via Ukraine.
In Moravcev's view, Russia could use the pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported Poland's efforts to stop the flow of migrants trying to reach the country from Belarus.
Berlin has said it will help Warsaw and Brussels resolve the crisis.
The judicial system in Poland, however, remains one of the sources of controversy.
The European Court of Justice fined Poland, finding that judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing Law and Justice party violate EU legislation.
Poland refused to pay the fine, and its supreme court ruled that national law takes precedence over EU rules.
Germany's new government, sworn in on Wednesday, has made no public commitment to shut down Nord Stream 2 if Russia invades Ukraine, despite demands from Poland and the US.
American officials have told members of Congress they have an agreement with Germany to shut down the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, a senior U.S. Congress source revealed on Tuesday.
German officials did not confirm the reports, but Scholz warned Wednesday of the consequences if Russia were to cross Ukraine's border, a position the G7 representatives reiterated Sunday.
Dmitri, scan more carefully.
View outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
They took down the wall between the kitchen and the room, so you see part of the second window.
This raises doubts among those unfamiliar with the original planning.
And I know apartments like this very well, and I can see that it's redecorated.
I hope everything's okay with them.
Always surprised when they write about the means to eradicate cancer, toilet, sill, stairs.
You only get them once a year at Easter, so you have to make them last.
Let's just not get caught.
Mincify wants to turn writers into residents
The future Fund for the support of Russian writers will transfer to the state federal property, remaining in the legacy of the Union of writers of the USSR and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
Writers' residencies will be established on its basis, "Parliamentary Gazette" in Minsk was told by the fund's founder.
Ministry prepares a draft presidential decree on the establishment of a fund to support Russian writers.
The explanatory note specifies that the fund will be responsible for, among other things, the targeted use and preservation of buildings and constructions that once belonged to the Soviet Union's Writers' Union and Literaturnaya Gazeta.
A large number of real estate objects previously belonging to the Literature Fund of the USSR, including those in the writers' village of Peredelkino, the village of Komarovo in the Leningrad Region, and elsewhere, have been transferred to the ownership of the Russian Federation," a Ministry of Communications and Mass Media spokesperson told Parlamentarskaya Gazeta.
The draft decree stipulates that the Fund's articles of association should state that its purpose is to "encourage literary activities by providing writers with an environment conducive to creative work."
Creating the conditions for creative activity means creating on the basis of the transferred property in different regions of Russia writers' residences, where there would be comfortable conditions for creativity."
520 roubles for a cut-rate tomato?
Cheese steak - is, quite literally, a slab of meat from a 550 rouble pack.
Three slices of fish for 570...
No, it looks delicious, but the price is just not right.
Looks like all the gods have descended on Belarus.
Doctors warned about the dangers of prolonged use of antacids after COVID-19 and before vaccination
Drs. Irina Yarceva and Sergey Tokarev warned about the dangers of indiscriminate use of coronavirus treatments after the infection with the coronavirus SARS-CoV and before vaccination against SARS.
Physician-therapist, immunologist Irina Yarceva told that independent prevention of the possible formation of thrombus after the Covid-19 can trigger an insult.
Yartseva explained that these drugs are not intended for everyone, but only if the patient was hospitalized, was inpatient, had complications.
The doctor may prescribe anticoagulants (blood thinners) based on your symptoms.
She reported that nowadays there is a lot of darkness - everybody is taking anticoagulants for a long time and on top of that they are getting complications like hemorrhagic insults (bleeding into the brain).
Antiocoagulants are routinely prescribed to Russians even before vaccination against coronavirus infection, says Sergey Tokarev, Chief Prophylactician of the UrFO, Head of the Society of Preventive Medicine specialists, Doctor of Medical Sciences, in an interview with URA.RU.
According to Dr. Tokarev, citizens are taking dubious advice from the Internet and starting to self-medicate.
There are such citizens who, a week before vaccination, start taking anticoagulants on their own initiative.
And in a pre-admission physical, the doctors would have seen the blood clots.
He stressed that it is very dangerous to take any medicine without determining the cause of any symptom.
Potatoes were called a superfood for protection against hypertension
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and inexpensive vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
Potatoes are in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
Product rich in vitamins and trace elements contributing to the proper functioning of internal organs.
It improves cardiac health by improving circulation and lowering cholesterol levels, reports the website Semana.
Heart diseases are the leading cause of death today.
To improve the situation not only need to be treated, but also to properly feed.
One of the aids in such a situation will be a common potato.
According to scientists, in this root vegetable is very rich in vitamins B1, B3, B6, and also contains very important for the body vitamin C.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic acid and pantothenic acid.
Minerals help to ensure effective functioning of all the body's internal systems.
Among other things, it counteracts the natural age-related deterioration of the organism, and contains a lot of useful collagen for the skin.
Regular consumption can help prevent atherosclerosis and hypertension.
I had one of those.
The lady is here to see the flat.
I came from another city just to show it.
The ad had a detailed photo and description of the apartment.
She was upset because there was no "shopping" kitchen and "shopping" balance.
Look, Auntie, there's nothing to do but wait.
About 145 thousand adolescents were vaccinated against the first component from COVID-19 in Kazakhstan
Information on the vaccination of adolescents, pregnant and breastfeeding women against coronavirus has been published in Kazakhstan, Kazinform correspondent refers to the Ministry of Healthcare and Social Development of Kazakhstan.
20 people died from coronavirus and pneumonia within 24 hours in Kazakhstan 85 coronavirus patients in extremely severe condition - Ministry of Health Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus
As of December 11, 2021, the Pfizer vaccine has been assigned: first component - 181,037 persons, second component - 14,580 persons.
Of these, 144,613 were adolescents, 10,645 were pregnant women and 25,779 were nursing mothers.
The second dose was administered to: 10,690 adolescents, 1,141 pregnant women and 2,749 nursing mothers.
The day our money's in the wall at the plumber's, it'll be 20 grand.
The plumber who found the money hidden in a wall at an East Texas church will receive a reward.
That's according to a news release from the Crime Stoppers of Houston, a nonprofit organization.
The incident took place at Lakewood, a large evangelical church where the pastor, Joel Osteen, promises that his congregation will be rewarded with wealth and prosperity.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Coley was remodeling a church bathroom and found thousands of dollars in cash and checks under some insulation.
He turned the find over to the church, and he says he hasn't heard a word of thanks from the East.
I wanted to hear him say, "You know, Justin, you did the right thing.
We understand what you've done and what you could do,"' KPRC-TV quoted her as saying.
It appears to be connected to a theft that occurred at Lakewood Church seven years ago.
Approximately $200,000 in cash and $400, 000 in checks were stolen from the church safe.
The money was insured, so the church didn't lose anything.
Nevertheless, a reward of 25,000 USD was offered for information on the perpetrators.
Justin Colby would not be eligible for that amount because his award has already expired.
Crime Stoppers of Houston, the nonprofit that put up the original $5,000 reward and later received an additional $20,000 from Lakewood, decided to reimburse the plumber.
He's getting 20 grand.
It was previously reported that police had questioned Joel Osteen about the money found inside the wall of his Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her speech, her behavior - this is her "realized person."
That's why you have this negative reaction to her.
And it is not that "she is financially much richer than all the Pisak," as it is written here.
Some people have money, but not everyone is as pushy as this lady.
Cocos Islands
Principal orthopedic mattress Soft Coconuts 1.
It is based on TFC block (256 springs per square metre).
The independent springs help to distribute the load correctly.
Coconut fibre is used as a filler.
Located between the filler and the spring block are layers of felt.
Both parties are above average intelligence.
Machine washable Jacquard Sense: 5% cotton, 95% polyester.
Density of fabric - 116 g/m².
Plain and delicious again.
I was looking for the chicken recipes on your website.
We've been had.
She was raised in the household by our friends.
It weighs more than four kilos.
I'd like to make it a little more appetizing.
I'm looking for a recipe for chicken wrapped in beer.
You've never tried it?
Somehow I trust you more than just an "Internet" review.
A new case of human infection with the avian influenza virus has been reported in China
A new case of human infection with the highly pathogenic avian influenza virus of the H5N6 subtype has been reported in China.
The RTHK broadcaster cited a notification from Hong Kong's health authorities.
The 68-year-old man from Huai'an city in southern Guangdong province became infected after caring for sick poultry at his home.
Doctors say his condition is critical.
The first human infection with the H5N6 virus strain was recorded in May 2014 in southwestern Sichuan province.
The number of such cases in the country has since grown to 53.
Brazilians obliged to present vaccination passports when entering the country
Brazilian Supreme Court (STF) Judge Luiz Roberto Barroso has ordered that passports be required to enter the country.
That's according to CNN Brasil.
Certificate of vaccination is exempted from citizens who have contraindications to vaccination.
Persons coming from countries where the vaccine is not available are also exempted.
The situation is even more serious if we consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for New Year's Eve, Pre-Carnival and Carnival parties and other events, which imply an increase in tourist flow," said Barros.
Earlier, the Brazilian authorities have imposed a five-day quarantine on infected tourists.
Full Covid-19 protection scheme revealed
Virologist, Doctor of Medical Sciences, honored worker of science of Russia Anatoly Altshtein in an interview with Ura.ru revealed a scheme of complete protection from coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be done by introducing an injection and using a nasal vaccine.
With intranasal administration, high levels of immunoglobulin A are produced.
The antibodies bind to the virus, preventing it from infecting cells.
Inside, after vaccination, most of us form immunoglobulins G (antibodies).
If you administer both vaccines, you will get a lot of both IgA and IgG antibodies.
Meanwhile, the chief epidemiologist of the UrFO, Doctor of Medical Sciences Sergey Tokarev, said that the main advantage of the nasal vaccination along with the injection is the possibility to stop being a carrier of SARS-CoV-2.
He added that this would help in making the protection of the body in such a case should be maximum.
Earlier, the Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod region, David Melik-Guseinov, said that the new outbreak of the coronavirus disease will lead to a new infection among children.
He says this is the pattern seen in other countries where an earlier wave of the pandemic had arrived.
Inna, hm...
I told my boyfriend (who died a long time ago) that if you're willing to trade a warm house, a bowl of food, a back scratch, love and a game of tug of war, then come on over.
But the Psycho was trained and pretty smart.
Picked my society and went home.
On video, the way that works 90% of the time.
It wasn't easy, believe me.
I stopped many a master from going after his dog, even though he was calling out, "Hey, 200, run away!" I took the man by the hand and led him off in another direction.
In the end, the owner picked up the 200 grand, not the bitch who ran off somewhere.
Mass Protests in Europe Against Vaccinations Continue · Global Voices
In the Austrian capital, Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed discontent with the authorities' restrictive measures and plans to make vaccination compulsory.
The fine for unmarried people will be 3600 euros starting from next February.
Outraged by the government's health policies, Spaniards held a peaceful march in Madrid.
And some were carrying signs that said, "This is a false pandemic," "I will not get vaccinated."
A large protest against sanitary passports took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the Autonomous Community, a pass is mandatory to enter bars, restaurants, sports facilities, retirement homes and night entertainment establishments.
Authorities in a number of regions have decided to introduce health passports amid a rise in the number of cases of coronavirus infection.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand demonstrators protested against the intensification of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action started peacefully, but then turned into clashes with security forces.
A group of protesters began throwing stones at police.
Law enforcement officers responded by using water cannons.
Nicholas C., there is not even a consensus at Wikipedia about this.
Kasheverova-Rudneva is also referred to as "the first Russian woman doctor," probably because she began her studies earlier.
Let's just not argue, I think they both deserve the title.
He agrees with Zakharova on one point: Americans have only brought death and plunder to every country they have ever set foot in.
Material Lona Cocos TFC 130 x 185.
Symmetric mattress of natural coconut fibre on a TFC spring block.
The frame is stiff, with layers of natural coconut on both sides.
The base of the mattress is a block of independent TFC springs.
Independent springs ensure proper load distribution and allow the body to maintain its natural shape.
The natural coconut is hypoallergenic, hygienic, and has excellent air permeability.
Natural leather jacket is dense, wear-resistant, pleasant to the touch.
It's sad but it's inevitable.
It's very sad when you read about it.
Man should live as long as he can serve himself, and not be a burden to others.
Cheers guys.
The WHO has found omicron in dozens of countries
The World Health Organization (WHO) has said that the new strain of coronavirus, omicron, has been identified in 63 countries.
A number of experts are already warning that the spread of this new strain could have catastrophic consequences.
The rate of spread of the strain was described in a WHO communication.
As of December 9, the organism has been detected in 63 countries in all six WHO regions, according to the organization.
That is, it became active only in late November.
WHO is also concerned at the high rate of spread of the new coronavirus variant.
WHO experts fear that the new strain could surpass the prevalence of the delta strain, or Indian variant of coronavirus, which currently leads in absolutely all countries without exception.
Previously, World Health Organization Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the omicron strain has the potential to have a significant impact on the coronavirus pandemic.
A similar conclusion was also reached in the UK.
Experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicron" in the coming months will replace "delta."
And the number of infected people only in the UK will be about 1 million. This is despite the fact that officially "omikron" at the moment in the Kingdom is suffering a few hundred people, and according to estimates, up to 10 thousand.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the Omicron Strain, and at the peak of the outbreak, hospitals will be dealing with over 2,000 admissions a day.
British healthcare will not be able to cope.
The situation is exacerbated by the fact that recent studies have shown that the vaccine from Pfizer BioNTech is 32 times less effective against the Omikron strain compared to other types of the disease.
Whether the Russian Satellite V will react to Omikron is not yet known - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaala Center has just started testing a Russian vaccine on the Omikron strain.
Why would we see the stages of aging?
You better see to it that your homework's done.
In the first exercise it is not clear how to do it: sitting on the heels or standing on the knees, as it is written, but how then to put the hands on the hips?
Or hands on your hips?
Charming Blanka, you are right, communication in Internet is absolutely different, it is easy and unforced, and at personal meeting one can not say anything.
And to actually see a human being maybe wasn't what you expected, wasn't what you were hoping for.
Once she meets the right guy, then her views will change.
And again the Soviet period is called "the time of the demons."
Yeah, then people believed in God a lot more than they do now.
And were virtuous.
Ideology today is a commodity of any price.
I don't believe in the World Church much (if at all), but even if I did, the time of the antichrist was in the 90's...
Our commune, that is, the Leningrad one, with Big Zelenaya, is still in touch.
Of course we're not best friends, but we try to keep the warm feelings of the older generation.
Maybe it has to do with the fact that there were no out-of-town guests, the rooms weren't given away, and the blockade wasn't lifted by anyone.
Regrettably, we meet more and more at funerals.
Larissa Angelis, come on, girls!
Human cubs, especially male, are strong, mobile, energetic, they run, push, shove, fight, just like their little "relatives" in the wild!
Too bad they're not as soft as puppies or kitten, so bruises, hickeys, scratches are par for the course, and no bumerang!
For what?
Brother hit you hard, huh?
You're always so careful not to hurt anybody's feelings, you never hurt your own?
Matress SkySleep Wave - Space B - 150 x 185 cm
The mattress with the Bonell Wave Space BS spring block has moderate hardness on both sides.
The comfortable seat of the stool is made of a combination of coconut fibre and ErgoFoam, an artificial latex with a relief surface.
A chequered weave fabric, of flax or ramie.
It is sturdy, wear-resistant and at the same time air-permeable without affecting the ventilation of the mattress.
The Czech waxed synthetic, it gives softness.
Practical mattress for the bedroom.
Coconut shell has antimicrobial properties, it is sturdy and distributes the weight evenly.
The artificial latex with a grainy surface provides the mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, solid construction.
The Bonnel block, in which the springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability, it withstands high loads and is well suited to parks with a small difference in weight.
Perimeter of the product is reinforced with PU box - it prolongs the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netany has announced that vaccinating will begin in schools
Israel's Health Ministry will begin an emergency program on Sunday to increase vaccinations.
As of tomorrow, 12 December, vaccination against corona virus will begin in schools throughout Israel.
Prime Minister of the Jewish State Naftali Bennett said at today's cabinet meeting that the issue of a fourth dose of vaccination for those in the at-risk group will also be examined.
Mass vaccination against the coronavirus disease COVID-19 started in Israel on 20 December 2020.
Israelis get the Pfizer treatment.
Since 10 January last year, those vaccinated have been receiving a second dose.
Vaccination of 12 to 15 year olds started at the beginning of June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million persons have received both doses of vaccine, and more than 4.12 million have received the third dose.
Anna Galway, well, probably a flea wouldn't jump into a trap, anyway, said Lilla.
I don't see any ticks, anyway.
But just in case, what if there is?
We need to sweeten the pot.
Children's bed linen Dimax Gosha 70 x 190 cm
Baby two-sided mattress in natural latex and natural coconut fiber, based on independent EVS500 spring block.
A lattice and coconut fibre, non-independent spring mattress for children.
The natural latex is a soft, elastic material, ecologically clean, hypoallergenic, with excellent properties, making the sleep maximum comfort.
With a back of medium hardness, comfortable, in natural coconut fiber and latex.
The chassis of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
The springs distribute the load with maximum accuracy and evenness over the surface of the mattress, maintaining the body in a natural position.
An excellent choice for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The check box is performed from poly cotton.
The materials are sturdy, wear-resistant and non-slipping.
At least seven people have been killed by floods in Brazil
At least seven people died and 175 were injured in heavy flooding in the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and the neighboring state of Minas Gerais.
That's according to TASS, citing emergency services.
Heavy rains caused by a non-tropical cyclone that moved across the state from mid-week brought more than 450 mm of rain to the region.
Several bridges, two river dams and three roads have been destroyed by the quake.
According to relief workers, nearly 5,700 people are without shelter and another 6,700 have been forced to leave their homes.
The disaster has affected more than 85,000 people in the region.
Nika Lerman, I know the Levolmecule, I work with pharmaceuticals.
She's a good distraction.
Personally, I prefer Bepanthen for regenerating surface wounds and lesions, but you'll have to see what works best for you.
Mainly that the healing process is going on, that there was such a cavity was, just hungry.
Hello, Spain, you didn't hear me or understand me.
I answer with Isaac Watts: "Where are the flocks that pass away?
They fly to hot countries\ I don't want to fly\ I'll stay with you\ My native land!
I need no strange sun, no foreign soil."
And trust me, pictures from the park where I ski or my hometown will do just fine.
Much more interesting, I think, would be to see your wonderful house with its interiors.
Wooden beads MAPED (France) Color'peps, 12 colors, curly, in a plastic box.
Pack of 12 bright wax candles in a plastic body with a curling pin.
They don't cough, they don't shake hands, they're perfectly safe.
Don't require stitches.
Housing made of high-quality solid plastic.
Multilinear wrapping: a package on a lightning bolt.
The $135 Billion Hidden in the Fine Print - NYTimes.com
By 2021, user spending on applications has increased worldwide by 25%, while the number of downloads has increased by 8%.
The most popular services worldwide were various video services.
The most popular was the video editor CapCut, and the most spent on YouTube.
Both the number of downloads of applications and the expenditure of users in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
The number of downloads grew by 8% to 140 billion. Spending in applications grew even more significantly - by 25% to a record $135 billion.
The data was published by App Annie, an analytical company, which presented a report on the mobile applications market in 2021.
In 2021, the world economy has emerged from lockdown and entered post-pandemic recovery.
Will such "return to physical" growth of the economies of the countries slow down?
India leads in the number of application launches with almost 20% of all launches.
The United States (9 percent) and Brazil (8 percent) follow.
iOS users continue to spend more than Android users: iOS accounted for 65% of all app spending.
Among the applications, the first place in the number of downloads for 2021 took the video editor CapCut.
It is followed by two Indian apps: video-on-demand service MX Taka Tak and e-commerce app Meesho.
The top-10 also includes Telegram.
Overall, looking at the number of downloads, the most popular services are VPN-services (two in the top-10 are VPN Master and NightOwlVPN) and services related to creation and transmission of video (besides CapCut and MX, TakaTak, there are two more such services - Moj and SnackVideo).
The most was spent on applications for live broadcasts and online streaming," the authors of the report said.
YouTube tops the list, followed by TikTok, Disney+, HBO Max and Japan's Piccoma subscription service.
The leaders in terms of the number of active users per month are Telegram, Instagram and Zoom, and TikTok, and the fifth place goes to the mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the leader by the number of loads per year turned out to be a search engine AliExpress.
It's followed by Zenly, which shows you where your friends are, and still CapCut.
The top 10 also includes StarMaker, an online karaoke app; Shein, an online fashion retailer; Maps for Minecraft Pocket Edition; DiDi, an online taxi-hailing service; Pure Tuber, a YouTube client; Dicos, an online grocery store; and Samok, an online supermarket.
Around the world, people have adapted to the pandemic by moving into a mode of life that we can call a major finding.
The industries that have thrived the most are the ones that have helped people connect, both virtually and in person," said Lexi Sidow, Head of Marketing Research at App Annie.
Mobile gaming revenue in 2021 reached $90 billion. Casual and hyper-casual games with no, or very little, storyline and minimal video effects proved to be the most popular.
The top 3 most played games in the world are Count Masters, Projct Makeover and Bridge Race.
In Russia among the games lead DOP 2: delete One Part, Going balls and Phone Case DIY.
Previously, App Annie released their forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends next year, the company's analysts called the increase in the number of users TikTok to 1.5 billion, the popularity of the generation Z financial applications, such as the application for investors Robinhood, as well as continued growth in popularity metavir mobile games.
Clan De File sausage for dogs, 30 pc. per 40 g
Natural air-dry sausage for all kinds and ages of dogs made of beef.
Clan De File - dried meat for dogs with beef, and nothing more.
Natural dried lactation for all kinds and ages of dogs.
Only one type of veal is used in the preparation: young calf.
This reduces the risk of food allergy, so the treat is also suitable for dogs with sensitive stomachs and a tendency to allergic reactions.
The main ingredient is meat filet, which is processed according to human grade quality standards.
Recommended daily allowance: not more than 10% of the adult daily ration.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Content: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57%, fats - 17%, carbohydrates - 4%, fiber - 20%.
Russian police warn of new scam
Criminals are also finding new ways to abuse video messaging.
The News, quoting experts, wrote about it.
According to Ivideon Director of Products Zaur Abutalimov, the main risk associated with the spread of video communication tools are diphtheria.
In this case, the scammers create a fake video using real footage of the victim.
And this is what makes all the difference in the world.
Abutalikov added that with the help of a diversion it is possible to make a video call to a contact of the victim or to create a video with the participation of a person's copy to blackmail.
This kind of falsification could even provoke a slaughter because a malicious hoaxer could put people into false, dangerous or compromising scenarios," the expert said.
Varonis Principal Software Engineer Alexander Westkolom noted that psychologically, people trust others more when they can see them.
He underlined that this could create specific risks when video technology was involved.
Let me add, David.
In what I wrote above, I stressed that it was all bought in a small town, where the local mentality did not allow to dress up and walk in short skirts, shoes and socks on spindles.
It's the province, but there WAS such an item in the shop.
In big cities, both Muslim and non-Muslim women dress up and show their legs.
Dushanbe is the capital city of Tajikistan.
Plenty of nurses, no cosmetics.
Five actions are listed that will help you avoid diabetes
Blood-sugar problems are one of the most common in the world.
Some, however, do not attach much importance to it, and with good reason.
If left untreated, diabetes can lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures are key in preventing the development of diseases.
Thus, doctors recommend to change the drinking regimen - a decrease in the number of various drinks and a transition to plain water have a positive effect on metabolism.
Foods that are high in sugar cause the blood sugar level to rise to a dangerous level when eaten to excess.
So the first step to a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying candies and keep them at home.
The disease is influenced not only by incorrect nutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risk of diabetes, you need to move more.
Experts advise to follow a low-carbohydrate diet.
Such a diet not only helps to lose weight, but also protects against sharp fluctuations in sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, you need to eat lots of cellulose.
Fibre-rich foods fill the stomach, promoting a sense of satiation and slowing the absorption of nutrients from the small intestine.
Tomato seeds GAVRISH Pink Bush F1 0.10 g, article No 4241-014.
Low-growing, early-maturing, high-yielding bi-tomato for cultivation under open-field and temporary shelter conditions.
A determinate, with short internodes.
The fruit is large, of a full pink colour, quite dense, weighing 180 - 210 g, protected by the leaves against sun scorch, and it stores well.
Cotton candy with a hint of cinnamon.
The hybrid possesses an immunity to the disease complex.
Recommended for salads, appetizers and sandwiches.
Seeds for sowing: end of March - beginning of April
The peak is in the first true leaf stage.
Planting the seed in the garden in May.
After the seed is planted in the open ground, the plant forms and connects.
FC-160 SLAVE MK.
The freezer compartment offers energy efficiency class A, which means that it consumes remarkably less electricity during operation.
The chiller is ideal for both private homes and apartments, thanks to the use of high-quality, low-noise compressors and excellent sound insulation.
The camera isn't as loud as your average refrigerator.
The quick freeze function freeze the products in the shortest possible time and maintains the maximum amount of nutrients.
The Slavda FC-160 dehumidifier is classified as an N/ST climate class unit, which means it can operate without difficulty in ambient temperatures up to +38°C.
Digital control panel with automatic control of the temperature regime.
Dr. Pavlova told of "migratory evening" at the laboratory
Several factors may contribute to a worsening of self-esteem over the weekend
The reason for the deterioration of self-esteem after working hours is often a "weekend migraine," told the well-known endocrinologist, PhD, senior researcher of the Department of Fundamental Medicine of M.V. Lomonosov Moscow State University, Head of the Clinic of System Medicine of Zukhra Pavalova in her teleguide.
According to her, asthmatics, in particular, suffer from it, experiencing headaches, irritability, and weakness on weekends.
Dr. Pavlova noted that in addition to the accumulated week fatigue there are quite a lot of objective reasons for a negative reaction of the organism to the change of conditions.
And then the weekend comes, and our lives change dramatically.
We sleep long, lie on the couch all day, probably eat more and drink less - the doctor argues.
Mutilation and breakage caused by shifting and lack of water."
There is also a late surge.
Now, if you set an alarm three hours later than usual, you get what's called a jet lag reaction.
It affects travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which of these factors plays a decisive role in the deterioration of well-being, Pavlova recommended looking at how much they change from week to week.
BenQ Joybook S720 17.
The reinforced perimeter of high density foam significantly increases the service life of the mattress.
Optimal hard S1000 spring with different hardness levels, total spring height 23 cm.
Maximum permissible load per sleeping place 140 kg.
The mattress has an independent spring block S1000 (1000 springs in one sleeping place).
Each spring is located in an individual tissue pockets, which allows a correct distribution of body weight.
An additional protection is that an insulating layer of felt separates the matrix and spring fillings.
On one side of the mattress there is a 2 cm thick layer of coconut coir, which gives the mattress additional firmness and durability.
Cotton jacquard, printed on synthetic latex of 2 cm thick and Hollcon 1 cm, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress placed a layer of coconut coir 1 cm thick and used a layer of wool.
Fabric treated with Sanitized (Switzerland) special antibacterial agent.
The nozzle ensures complete destruction of mould fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and bacteria.
The mattress comes with four convenient handles for easy turning, as well as aerators for additional layer ventilation.
South African scientists said low efficiency Pfizer vaccine against anthrax
Pfizer's omicron vaccine in South Africa deemed ineffective
South African researchers have studied and reported on the low efficacy of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of Coronavirus infection.
Calculations suggest that this level (omicron neutralization) corresponds to a vaccine efficacy of 22.5% against symptomatic infection, calling into question the protective efficacy of the vaccine against infection, according to the study published on MedRxiv.
The specialists specify that the medicine can save from severe course of the disease.
Earlier, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron variant of coronavirus could trigger a new wave of pandemic in the UK with more hospitalisations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar in processed food?
Sugar is not the best source of useful nutrients.
Excess of it in diet may lead to type 2 diabetes as well as cardiovascular and cancer diseases.
Consumers should be aware that a product may contain added sucrose, an ingredient that is similar to sugar in energy value, composition and glycaemic index.
The label can bear several dozen names, in fact, designating sugar.
Two of the most common and frequently encountered are glucose and fructose.
Other syrups, such as dextrose (corn sugar), levulose (fruit sugar), malt extract (black malt extract) and agave syrup can also be used.
They are all simple carbohydrates, which belong to the mono- and disaccharides, and they can not only be found in bakery wares, but also in baked goods, pasta, pastry, bread, etc.
According to Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to eat whole, unprocessed foods and to pay attention to labels and the many different names for sugar.
The various types of sugar differ in taste, but whatever the ingredient is called - syrup, molasses, raw or refined, dark or white - it is still sugar.
Calculating the exact amount of sugar is not easy, as it is necessary to consider not only the amount of sugar stated by the manufacturer on the packaging, but also the fact that vegetables, fruit, etc. originally contain a certain amount of sugar.
The total sugar content may therefore be much higher than the figure shown on the label.
Germany's Scholz: gas to lose importance for Germany in 25 years' time
Germany's new chancellor, Olaf Scholz, has said that importing gas is becoming less important for Germany as the country continues its transition to a decarbonised economy.
By 2045, Germany plans to be completely free of gas, oil and coal, becoming a climate-neutral country.
This means that in 25 years' time the question of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role, "the chancellor said.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to be committed to the fact that Ukraine transported Russian natural gas in the future, as currently this resource is important for the energy transition.
He recalled that Germany and the United States had made a statement which recorded Berlin's support for Ukraine's energy transformation.
Earlier, German Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Annelena Berbock said the certification process for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline continues.
According to the Minister, the Coalition talks and the Coalition Treaty stipulated that European Energy Law should be applied to energy projects.
The diplomat also indicated that the pipeline "is not yet in line" with EU requirements.
Thanks for the interesting photos!
I had to travel there in 1985.
Very well remember CMEZ, rising from Kanatchkovo station to the mountain, past the old building (similar to the center of centralization, two-story), along Kanatchkovo Boulevard, and finishing right on Ulica Wawiła, to the factory gate...
Hackers have broken into the Twitter account of the Prime Minister of India
Hackers have broken into Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Twitter account.
The intruders were able to publish a fake message.
Reports have surfaced that India has purportedly recognized Bitcoin as a legitimate payment method, as well as that the country has already made its first Bitcoin purchase.
At Mody's office, they told me to ignore all new messages.
Representatives of the Prime Minister said that in Twitter have reacted quickly - access to the account restored.
The Prime Minister of India's page was already hacked in 2020 and was asking for donations in crypto.
Pacific Islands
In New Caledonia, a third referendum, held on 12 December, produced the same result as the first two.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12, at 6 p.m., a majority of New Caledonians voted against their territory's independence during the referendum.
The turnout in this third vote was considerably lower than in the first two.
Preliminary results released by local authorities showed that 3.51 percent (2,755 people) voted "yes" for New Caledonia to become independent from France, while 96.49 percent (75,762) voted "no."
The turnout was 43.90%, with over 80,000 residents of New Caledonia voting.
According to the news agency France-Presse, the interim results are "beyond dispute," as pro-independence parties urged voters not to take part in the poll.
Having been the initiators of the referendum, they came out against it on December 12, considering that a new outbreak of the Covid-19 epidemic in the archipelago prevents the holding of a full and fair pre-election campaign.
This non-participation thus paves the way for a third victory for the pro-French New Caledonia after the referendums held in November 2018 and in October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% voted against independence, while in 2020 the figure was 53.3%.
Separatists have said they do not recognise the results of the latest vote and will challenge them at the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, at the Elysee Palace, the French President Emmanuel Macron is expected to make a statement on the results of this referendum.
The question of New Caledonia's independence was a major issue in the final weeks of the French presidential campaign.
Some candidates for the presidency have spoken in favour of the territory remaining French, as it is "the EU's last region in the Pacific."
New Caledonia must remain French, Eric Zemmour kept insisting.
So did Valérie Pécresse, the Republican candidate, who at the end of October published an article in Le Figaro calling for Caledonians to remain French.
For his part, Emmanuel Macron declared in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
Nevertheless, he added, "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Castex, for his part, expressed "a strong desire that the Haitian people's choice be a choice for France."
Hey, hey, hey!
I'm still not used to it.
Thanks for not straying from my channel.
On the theme: I am not an artist, I love to draw, but the result is an inspired mess.
But as an artist - generally not an artist: what to change here?
Just remember that food was more NATURAL then, so starvation was not as widespread as it is now.
But the medicine was no good -- pills and stinging nettle tea.
Now, let's get you some crutches.
And the food's no good.
Turkey Tests World's First Laser Gun
The first ever laser-equipped drone has been successfully tested in Turkey.
UAV "Eren" has been tested at a distance from 100 to 500 m, reports "MIA24."
The unit is capable of detonating explosive ordnance at a distance using a laser.
The UAV's maximum flight altitude is 3,000 m.
Following relevant tests, the UAV is to enter service with the Turkish military, which will use it to destroy explosive devices without endangering sappers.
The agency underlines that Turkey is among six countries in the world capable of developing and producing its own drones.
I'm having a bad hair day.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and nutmeg.
I used to put honey sometimes, it's OK.
A deep bowl, covered it with a plate.
Never mind.
And what do I get for my money, a great big carp, that's what.
Bread, butter, and a pumpkin.
A flimsy butterball.
WSJ Readers Criticize Article on U.S.-Russia Relations · Global Voices
Readers of The Wall Street Journal took issue with a column by Professor Christopher Hartwell that described his view of the U.S.-Russia relationship.
The author is concerned that the West is sacrificing Ukraine on the altar of Russia.
In his article, he tries to convince the readers of the danger coming from Moscow and makes a series of insults against the Russian President Vladimir Putin.
At the end of the meeting, Hartwell called on Western countries "to present a united front against Russia."
WSJ readers voiced their disagreement with the American professor's position.
The article contains a lot of false information, "commented one reader to RIA Novosti.
Europe is not ours to lose, and Ukraine is not ours to win.
The U.S. and NATO allies will never go to war with Russia over Ukraine," he added.
Patches can also be applied in the area of the nose.
The hydrogel eye patch used in the Dearboo Peach and Hibiscus Brightning Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that ensures high absorbency and delivery of highly concentrated natural herbal essence into the skin, adheres closely to the skin and feels refreshing.
During the transfer of nutrients, Hydrogel minimizes the concomitant loss of moisture and forces the essence into the deep layers of the skin.
SONEX 2045/EL Ceiling Fan with LED light Nores
Lamp NORES 2085 / EL consists of a metallic base and a plastic diffuser.
The diffuser is made of high quality matt white acrylic, which ensures an even diffusion of the light and a good light transmission.
The shape of the ceiling: rectangular, in the form of a bas-relief with geometric pattern, decorated with transparent dots that create a beautiful effect of "star movement" and refraction.
The protection degree IP43 allows using the luminaire in defined areas of damp locations.
The kit includes a replaceable 72 Watt LED module with lenses, equivalent to a 520 Watt halogen lamp.
It is also equipped with a color temperature control panel, which allows you to smoothly change color temperature from 3000K to 6000K, change brightness and switch between warm/daylight/cool/night modes.
Hydrating thermal night cream 50 ml.
This ultra-hydrating night mask is for all skin types with a fresh, rested and firmer skin effect in the morning!
A real thermal bath for dehydrated skin!
Tones, firms and smoothes the skin relief and restores the skin barrier.
A very pleasant, non-sticky water gel texture.
Wonderful skin care after sun exposure!
Hypallergenic.
Earthquake of magnitude 5.2 occurred in the Kuril Islands
A magnitude 5.2 earthquake has struck near the Kuril Island of Shikotan.
The earthquake's epicentre was 231.8 km north-east of Pevek.
The epicentre was 90 km deep.
Earlier, seismologists recorded an earthquake of magnitude 7.5 in Peru, in which ten people were injured.
If he'd been born into an American poor family and tried to make something of himself, who knows where his petit-bourgeois mind would have led him.
It's good that when you came to America you were already a known person.
And if you're born there, for no other reason, you'd fight.
So verily I have warned you of a Blaze flaming fiercely!
Ukraine to produce new generation missiles
ANKA UAV to be produced in new Ukrainian-Turkish plant.
This was announced on December 11 by the Adviser to the Head of the Office of the Ukrainian President, Oleksiy Arestovych.
So, they're capable of operating against aerial assets, other unmanned vehicles.
Even against pilotless aircraft.
They will be equipped with Ukrainian engines and the rest will be Turkish aviation: fuselage, etc.," Dialog.ua cites him.
Arestovich said that the ANKA UAVs are jet-powered, rather than propeller-driven.
According to him, these are a new generation of drones after Bayraktar, which surpass him "in all characteristics."
The first batch of UAVs should be manufactured by the end of next year, Arestevich concluded.
The ANKA UAV was developed by the Turkish Aerospace Agency in February 2014.
The drone project has been developed by Turkey in cooperation with a number of private companies since 2010.
The Ukrainian General Staff has declassified data on the use of unmanned aerial vehicles Bayraktar and missile systems Javelin in the joint forces operation in Donbas.
On December 6, the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky said that the construction of a plant for the production of modern military unmanned aerial vehicles has begun in Ukraine.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Defense and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kiev region, where the training of personnel, as well as testing and maintenance of Turkish UAV Bayraktar will be carried out.
The Ukrainian leader's press service called the memorandum "a big real step forward."
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport
The lions escaped from Changi Airport in Singapore.
The Straits Times reports about it.
Two of the hunters managed to get out of a crate with seven wolves that arrived on one of the planes.
It added that it was not known which country they were brought from to Singapore, or where they were headed.
One of the fleeing lions jumped onto the roof of a container.
They couldn't get close to him because of the chain link fence.
The standoff ended after staff from Mandai Wildlife Group - which manages all of Singapore's zoos - arrived at the airport.
They have immobilized the lions with tranquilizer darts and plan to deliver them to a quarantine facility.
Previously, it was reported that a lion escaped from its owner in Phnom Penh, the capital city of Cambodia.
On the same day the beast voluntarily returned home, no humans were harmed.
Experts warned of the threat of cancer from vitamin B9
Studies suggest that an excess of vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, may lead to cancer.
The Daily Express warned about this.
According to experts, there is strong evidence that people with adequate folic acid levels are less likely to develop certain cancers, including colon cancer.
However, exceeding the necessary dose will promote the growth of cancer cells.
Professor of Nutritional Medicine at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, Beth Reardon, advises to monitor the amount of folic acid consumed during the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms a day.
The cancer risk increases only if you deviate substantially from this figure in either direction.
Kitchin recommends not taking folic acid supplements without a doctor's recommendation, to check the dosage and to avoid milk and milk products containing folic acid.
Previously, dietitian Rachel Fine named folic acid a substance that slows aging.
Since it is, among other things, an avocado, Fein recommends that men over 50 eat more of this fruit.
In the UK, by April, because of the omikron strain, about 75 thousand people may die
British scientists predict that due to the spread of super-virus coronavirus in the next five months in England may die up to 75 thousand people, if restrictive measures will not be tightened in winter.
The Guardian newspaper cited a study by experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM).
According to the most optimistic forecast by experts who are part of the Scientific Advisory Group for Emergencies at the British Cabinet Office, by April 2022, at least 25,000 people will have died from the Omicron Strain and nearly 175,000 will have been hospitalized.
At the peak of the epidemic, the hospitals will be faced with over 2000 infected patients per day.
LSHTM mathematician Rosanna Barnard said, "Serious control measures may be needed to prevent overstretch of the National Health Service if an omicron strain turns out to be more infectious than the delta strain and existing vaccines cannot rule out infection."
Previously the UK Health Security Agency reported that if the rate of spread of the Omicron strain remains as it is now, there will be about 1 million cases in the country by the end of the year.
By the middle of December, the Omikron strain may become dominant in the United Kingdom.
There are currently 1,898 cases of infection with the Omicron variant of the coronavirus in Britain, 633 of them diagnosed in the last 24 hours.
Meanwhile, on December 9, head of the British Ministry of Health Sajid Javid indicated that in reality the figure could already be as high as 10,000 cases.
Wanted to make some smart comment, but I read up to this point:
Shvo, obtained as a result of the incredible suffering of the unfortunate animal and his employment in a second job. "
And it was uphill from there.
Turns out "poor creature" is husband, and I thought it was a shirt!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Creighton, from the way you talk, most people wouldn't understand you.
What were you on about - that those who are in installments, are pretending or they are all successful, as there is no point in pretending?
It's like a warehouse of stuff that didn't make it out in time.
If you dig deep enough into any pile of shit, you'll find something you can use.
You just have to be patient and really know what it is you're looking for.
The demand for superyachts has increased by a quarter in the world
The construction of super yachts this year and orders for the next year are breaking all records, despite calls to reduce the carbonic footprint and combat climate change.
In the world register of the vessels the number of ordered yachts made 1200 units - on a fourth more, than last year.
In an era of climate change mitigation, it is hard to imagine that the number of people willing and able to spend £50m-plus on a superyacht will not diminish, the Guardian writes.
But they are multiplying.
So far this year, orders are up 25% over last year.
Broker says there hasn't been this much activity in the market in 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht fear catching the infection if they go ashore and prefer to hide from the pandemic on board their yacht.
The second has to do with the coroner.
If before these people used to come to the office and meet their business partners in person, now the absolute majority of them work remotely and hold meetings via Skype.
Broker Will Christie told the Gazette that the shipyards are taking orders for new yachts as far out as 2025.
This means that customers are willing to pay more just as long as their yacht is ready even by one or two years earlier.
People just want freedom and the super rich can have their way, he says.
In Western society, many criticise the behaviour of the rich and call it decadent.
The rich, sociologists say, do not want to understand that in an age when space travel, yacht holidays and flying one's own plane generate envy, the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are urging governments to act by introducing new taxes and rules for the super-rich, even though they recognise this will be extremely difficult to achieve in a world of mobile money.
However, it is not only the number of super yachts ordered that is impressive, but also their characteristics.
Of the 1,200 vessels, 27 are over 100 metres long.
Norwegian billionaire Reinhard Racke is building the 183-meter REV Ocean.
When it's launched, it'll be the biggest yacht in the world.
The yacht has a "moon pool" and a submarine for exploring the seabed.
Existing superyachts already have helicopter pads, open-air movie theaters and, in some cases, like U.S. billionaire and 2008 presidential candidate Mitt Romney's, a wrestling platform.Richard Wilk, a professor of economic anthropology at Indiana University, says that compared with the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint of a superyacht is negligible.
But it is a symbolic amount, considering that there are barely more than 2,000 billionaires in the world.
This is just another example of the excesses of the very few.
Scientists found that the emissions footprint of billionaires is thousands of times larger than that of an average global citizen.
If one person emits an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, the biggest polluter of the planet, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases thrown into the atmosphere in 2018.
In fact, two-thirds of the track was recorded on his 162.5-meter (533-foot) yacht, the Eclipse.
Even if the owner of the yacht is not present, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and have the yacht relocated, say, from the Mediterranean to the Caribbean.
Superyacht owners do not inspire sympathy when they, like Australia's richest woman Gina Rinehart, who owns the world's largest iron ore mine, complain through Utterly Brilliant that their giant vessels have nowhere to dock.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marinas for boats over 50 metres long.
Established carcinogenic weekly dosage of alcohol leading to development of liver cancer
American scientists have identified how much alcohol in a week increases the risk of developing cancer.
That's the Daily Express headline.
The experts concluded that drinking four or more units of alcohol a week increases the risk of developing cancer.
The risk increases with the more you drink.
Moreover, moderate drinkers are more likely to develop stomach cancer than women.
Exactly what causes this type of cancer is unknown, but researchers have identified a number of factors that appear to trigger the damaging process in the body.
Thanks to the author for the worthy material and the photo.
Sergey, I see nothing wrong with a little vanity and pride.
Just as you can't see the egocentricity and vanity in a man who seeks out a surrogate mother for free in order to burden her with expenses and responsibilities while he enjoys the role of father from a safe distance.
They should be in the circus, not the Ministry.
I understand that everything was to be in royal pomp, but the model is very hyperbolic.
It's hard to imagine Diana, poor thing, being hustled into a carriage, let alone traveling anywhere.
I was 12 years old, and I remember watching it on TV.
It seemed that almost every girl fantasized about being a princess in a beautiful ball gown, and I was no exception.
But looking at that dress, I'd rather be a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child
Many, or rather all dog lovers are convinced that these creatures are very intelligent.
But even they have no idea how advanced the quadrupeds really are.
For many years, biologists have conducted various experiments to find out for sure how developed the intellect of animals is.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study shows that a dog can consistently respond to 89 words or phrases.
The researchers' findings were published in Sciencealert.
Dogs cannot play chess or compose poetry, know nothing of politics, economics, and art, yet they often manage to hoodwink their owners.
Representatives of some species, experts believe, show the best results in understanding words of human language, but statistic data for exact conclusions yet insufficient.
Well, some breeds have traditionally been considered house dogs - for example, Labradors.
Experts have concluded that dogs are capable of logical thought and are as able to learn as a two-year-old child.
Dreamline Dream Massage Mattress TFK 160x200 cm.
Independent spring block TFC with natural rubber and coconut shell.
The frame is based on an independent TFC block.
It's a super-modern, 512-independent-spring sleep system.
Each spring is contained in a separate housing and does not influence the neighbors.
Load is thus distributed as evenly as possible across the springs.
The human takes on its natural form while asleep.
Strength springs are insulated from the upper layers of the heat transfer fluid.
On top of the wool felt is a layer of natural latex and coconut, both of which have excellent and beautiful properties.
One side is completed with a thin layer of natural seasonal latex.
This natural filler has 7 comfort zones, promotes the perception of one's own weight, has a slight massage effect.
Czech Antistress made of felt, which has a weight of 250 g / m ².
It is pleasant to the taste and stimulates the appetite.
Sova, bright example - deep-sea pirate Taumatic Axel.
Some of his victims are so great that they cause the murderer to die.
It just can't see them, and its teeth won't let it swallow much more than that.
If you do not care about the fate of your property in the amount of four objects, then why did you decide that your objects someone interesting and he will be glad of?
Today the law pretty much gives you the right to manage your own property.
Do it yourself if you don't like the way others do it.
Ukraine Prepares for US-Russia Trade War · Global Voices
The US and Russia will "bargain" over Ukraine's entry into NATO, analyst Aleksandr Kuchetkov wrote in an article for the newspaper Kommersant.
He says Washington and Moscow plan to resume negotiations soon over U.S. assurances that Ukraine will not join NATO, despite U.S. leader Joe Biden's remarks about countries' right to "go anywhere they want."
If you're offered something obviously unacceptable, like, say, the sale of a close relative into sexual slavery, you don't haggle; you just take the high road.
With respect to Ukraine, a bargain is in the offing, "the analyst wrote.
He added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine and wants dialogue with Kiev.
The training is clandestine, quick and deployable, not waiting for the enemy to discover the buildup and deploy against it," he said.
China to boost railway industry
Leading Chinese technologies attracted the attention of companies from the USA, Germany, France and other countries at the 2021 China International Exhibition of Railway Transport and Equipment Manufacture held in Changzhou, Hunan Province, Central China.
The core technologies developed by CRRC ZHUZHOU LOCOMOTIVE CO., LTD. enable trains to automatically detect and diagnose faults, said Hou Zhaowei, a company representative.
The high-speed trains running on the China-Laos railway, which was put into operation at the beginning of this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and availability of rolling stock.
In the last six months, China has significantly increased its export of railway vehicles and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing the "Chinese speed."
In May this year, the first Chinese-designed double-deck high-speed train for export to Europe rolled off the production line of CRRC ZhuzhouLocomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum operating speed of 200 km/h, the trains will run on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary and other European countries.
In November, the test operation of a subway train developed by the company for Turkey began.
The train will run along the city's metro system, linking downtown Istanbul with the city's airport.
Metro service on this line will begin next year.
It will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 km/h.
China's railway equipment industry is one of the industries with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovation competitiveness," said Feng Yaoxian, head of the Trade and Investment Department of the China Committee for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT).
Fan Yaoshan said that the industry is the main competitive advantage of Chinese manufacturers of high-end equipment in the world market.
After more than 60 years of hard work, China has developed a leading railway equipment manufacturing system, with a complete set of supporting facilities and large-scale production.
According to Feng Youshan, the country ranks first in the world in terms of railway electrification and high-speed and urban railway operation mileage.
Biologist lists early signs of dementia
Candidate of biological sciences Semen Goloshaykin in an interview with radio Sputnik listed early signs of dementia.
According to him, the signs of future dementia can be forgetfulness as well as a whole range of cognitive impairments such as inability to concentrate, planning, reduced level of abstract thinking.
Currently, there is discussion that hearing loss can be both an early sign of Alzheimer's disease and a risk factor for developing it, says the expert.
He emphasized that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative diseases, head trauma, some infections, metabolic disorders, and vitamin deficiencies.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of the cerebral blood vessels are the most common causes of this syndrome.
The doctor said that at the present time doctors do not know effective ways of treating dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start its prevention in time.
Learning foreign languages and maintaining an active social life can reduce the risk of dementia, according to the expert.
The WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly exercising cognitive skills with games and hobbies that require intense involvement of memory and logical thought
There are recommendations on the use of various EDCs, but their efficiency and expediency are still discussed in the scientific community," Golosyahkin said.
The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities with games and hobbies that require intensive involvement of memory and logical thinking," - said Goloshaikin.
Previously, the UK dementia research charity said the disease is striking people in their 40s more frequently.
Medicine's early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first warning sign may be vision problems, making it difficult for the patient to recognize objects.
Another sign of developing dysphasia, experts call aphasia - a condition in which a person can not find the right words to convey what he wants to say.
The neurologist has recommended sending Sakharov abroad for treatment.
Former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili needs psychiatric treatment and rehabilitation abroad, a neurologist who is part of a consortium of doctors created by Georgia's ombudsman told journalists.
His neurological status is leading his disease.
Stable problems are problems with mobility, coordination, behavior variability," - said the specialist, noting that this does not go beyond the norm and now the former president needs to send on specialized rehabilitation.
We call this neurological and psychoneurological rehabilitation, and there is no such rehabilitation in Georgia," Toidze said, demanding that Sakashvili be treated at a specialized institution that does not exist in Georgia.
In the evening of 7 December, Saakashvili started a hunger strike, after penitentiary officers subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The politician from Georgia was quick to have the punishment removed and his privileges restored.
Alexandra, "Are you getting paid for this?" is what I'm interested in.
to pay for the bread in kind, but not for the choirmaster?
Are we so holy that we can feed on air?
There's another side to this medal.
These people are parasites on the body of society.
They don't work, they don't pay taxes, they live on benefits and off their relatives.
They are provided with full medical care.
How many mouths can a working man feed?
We feed all alcoholics, drug addicts, those who have lost their health because of their stupidity.
Then we'll be surprised when Social Security goes broke.
That money could be spent on treating real patients.
The Red Banner of Victory will forever remain in the history of our country and it must not be confused with the State one.
The red flag has a reverse side, it is a symbol of communist movement, so it can never be a state one.
It is time for the author to disconnect from provocative articles, it is time to soberly take up a normal life, and not a past one.
Anti-COVID protests in Spain
Protests against the mandatory vaccination certificate for the Covid-19 took place in the Spanish cities of Barcelona and Valencia, Europa Press reports.
In the Catalan capital the demonstration was attended by nearly 3,000 people.
In Barcelona, the Covid-Passport has become mandatory to enter bars, restaurants, sports facilities, retirement homes and night entertainment establishments.
Many manifested came to the action without masks.
Slogans on their posters accused the state of totalitarianism and called for respect of citizens' choice.
In Valencia, the vaccination pass will also be required to enter entertainment venues and restaurants with capacity for more than 50 people.
Protesters in this town have decried medical tyranny, calling the vaccination an experiment.
In Spain, more than 5.2 million cases of infection with coronavirus have been recorded since the beginning of the pandemic, and more than 88,000 patients have died.
Russia is also planning restrictions for the unvaccinated.
Bills on a single system of QR codes the government has submitted to the Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to attend mass events, cultural institutions, food service establishments and retail outlets with either a certificate of vaccination or illness, or proof of vaccination.
Similar rules will be established for train and airplane travel.
Tradition 26 cm frying pan with glass lid.
High-temperature kiln with anti-corrosion lining Antrazit TM Tradition.
The medicine can be used during pregnancy.
The exceptional strength and durability of the antibacterial coating, equal to that of natural stone, has been specially developed for intensive use every day.
A thick-walled, cast-iron body.
Five-layer anti-corrosion coating system of last generation.
Premium paint, reinforced with mineral particles.
Two extra layers of protection in case of a breach.
Good non-stick for a light and healthy cooking without butter or oil.
Not less than 4000 thousand cycles of preparation, according to the rules of operation.
Fits all types of panels, except induction.
ГОСТ 7.602-2013.
The guarantee for each item is 4 years (provided that the operation and maintenance rules are observed - 4 years for the body and 1 year for the anti-corrosion coating).
No PFOA, no lead, no cadmium.
Casseroles and roasters can be used in the oven without the glass lid.
Easy come, easy go.
It stands to reason the virus is constantly mutating.
If a person is healthy and gets sick rarely (once or twice a year with a cold), his immune system is normal.
Immunomodulators are not recommended in general for prophylaxis.
Immunity is supported by a healthy diet and lifestyle plus sports.
Therefore, vaccination against flu and this strain is pointless.
3M™ Particulate Filter 5925
FFP2 respirator, 2 pcs.
Article No. 7139-46.
3M FFP2 respirator filter for 3M Half Face Mask 6000 and 3M Full Face Mask 7500.
Provides respiratory protection against various airborne substances.
Creates a reliable barrier to infectious particles.
The filter is designed for operation where the concentration of harmful substances in the ambient air is above the permissible value.
The filter can be used for protection against bacteria/viruses in combination with, for example, hand lotion and other antibacterial agents.
An FFP2 respirator has an APF > 0.05 mg/m3 and a maximum concentration limit of 12 times the APF.
The scrubbers of this protection class are able to retain at least 94% of the harmful substances.
The pre-filters shall be secured to the PTFE filters with 3M 501 tape.
Features: low resistance breathing.
Scope clear.
For use with 3M™ 6000 and 3M™ 7500 respirators and with 3M full facepiece respirators.
Compatibility with other PPE required in complex work environments.
Apparently the strain of being a "constitutional monarch" got to more than just me.
I mean, the family PR-- the kids, the dad--
I don't care who it is.
The only way to get to Yatsek was through Batruh and Batruh.
Well, he found out, said a word, and shut up, and let his mate have a go.
Steep rise: how Chinese are becoming skiers · Global Voices
The Olympics should bring millions to the slopes and help create world-class resorts in the country.
China hopes that the Olympics will not only get 300 million people involved in winter sports - which will help President Xi Jinping raise his targeted 1 trillion yuan - but also spur economic development in poor, remote provinces.
Taiwo Ski Resort in Zhangjiakou, which is close to the venues of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games, is gaining popularity among Chinese people.
Works on greening are also under way in the region: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 are large enough to host international events.
Snow is a problem in many of China's resort regions, including Zhangjiakou.
The main task for the long-term perspective - to provide comfortable and interesting recreation in Chinese resorts, so that all novices become repeat guests.
But we've a long way to go yet.
Tourism organizer Justin Downes says since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese ski industry has changed beyond recognition.
Every winter, more and more Chinese go to the slopes.
Fiona, a nobleman from Peking, one of them.
Despite the major changes, it will take many more years to establish a ski culture here, Downs believes.
Many spas are located in agricultural and mining areas.
These regions are yet to be actively developed and create the necessary recreational infrastructure.
Gao Mang, 70, lives in Chongli, the site of the upcoming Winter Olympics.
He notes that in recent years there is a boom in winter sports tourism.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chongli.
The country is opening more and more stores that sell clothes and equipment for winter sports.
Point service with national cuisine is available on the slopes.
There's now even a station testing for Covid-19.
China wants to create a flourishing industry of winter sports, its athletes must become leaders in major international competitions, and resorts and equipment - to reach world levels.
More than 500 million people worldwide may be pushed into extreme poverty by the pandemic, the WHO said.
More than half a billion people in the world may be pushed into extreme poverty by the HIV/AIDS pandemic, which has reversed human progress in terms of universal access to health services, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB) have warned.
On the occasion of the International Universal Health Coverage Day on 12 December, WHO and the World Bank have published two complementary reports.
They stated that the pandemic had led to disruptions in the delivery of health services and had overstretched health systems.
As a result, for the first time in a decade, immunization coverage has fallen, tuberculosis and malaria mortality rates have risen.
WHO and the World Bank have pointed out that the pandemic has brought about "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, making it harder for people to pay for treatment."
The situation "pushes more than 500 million people into extreme poverty, as they are forced to pay for these services out of their own pockets."
In October, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said the coronavirus pandemic has pushed more than 100 million people into poverty, with more than four billion people practically without social protection.
Robotic Vacuum Cleaner
Official Makita dealer.
The powerful engine is ideal for heavy-duty applications.
Just the right weight and beautifully balanced.
Use of both standard and bilateral mini-grants.
Simple quick-release lever system.
New ergonomic design of the housing, rubber inserts in the handle to minimize the vibration effect on the operator's hands.
Three V-shaped pastiches for picking up trash of various sizes.
Ejector system, your choice, left or right.
A wife is a meat grinder.
Shit's serious.
The flying mice with the pincers have already been fed, and the bees are in the mead.
Oh, the number of open-and-shut freaks we could cook up between us, goddamn it, lemming-style.
Reuters: Taiwan minister unplugged from summit after White House request
Taiwan's Minister of Digital Technology Audrey Tang's panel discussion at the US-organized Summit of the Democracies has been converted to a no-video mode, as evidenced by the summit's YouTube record.
The Reuters news agency quoted unnamed sources as saying the feed was disabled at the request of the White House.
The reason, they said, was a map showing Taiwan in a different color from that used for the mainland, which China regards as part of its territory.
The map that Ms. Tan showed us was made by CIVICUS, a South African NGO, which ranks countries all over the world according to the enjoyment of civil liberties.
Taiwan was colored green on it as "open," and China, North Korea, Laos and Vietnam - red as "closed."
After the minister showed the map, her side of the screen was replaced with a disclaimer noting that the speakers' views "do not necessarily represent those of the U.S. Government."
The PRC was not invited to the Summit.
Reuters sources said the map Taiwan's foreign minister held could contradict Washington's "one China" policy.
One source told the news agency that after the map was displayed, the U.S. National Security Council angrily contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The Washington-based Summit for Democracy was held on December 9-10 with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil society and charitable organizations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
Nobel Peace Prize winner and Novaya Gazeta Editor-in-Chief Dmitry Muratov called for the establishment of an international fund during the summit's Zero Tolerance Day, whereby funds acquired through corruption would be donated to charity.
Earlier today, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov's spokesman, Yuri Averianov, said the summit "has an anti-Western and anti-Atlantic charge."
They give you infusions like they're cooking you food. And there's meat all over the place.
A basic journalism tenet is to make news out of nothing.
They don't chew the meat; they chew the horn and the hide, and they get a glue-like substance.
The finished product looks like a yellow, semi-transparent strip with hardly any odour and is hard like plasticine. It is used as natural jelly.
In general, the harmful substances from recycling are no less than from incineration.
But it saves companies a lot of money.
That's why the whole eco-friendly thing was invented for hippies who don't work for free.
Personally, my contribution to ecology is to refuse to buy and use things that I don't really need.
I don't throw them out. I donate them.
Jogel Camp JFS-1120016 soccer goal, white/black (XL).
Description: soccer games great for playing soccer and sports.
The shores have a convenient direct shape.
A wide belt in combination with a regulating cord ensures a comfortable fit.
The fabric is characterized by high strength, durability, lightness and good air permeability, corresponding to the requirements of the game at any level.
The updated logo of the brand is on the left side.
The Shorts are packed in a convenient re-sealable bag for multiple use.
Stylish outer appearance, straight cut, wide belt with drawstring, sturdy long-wearing fabric, good air permeability.
Features.
Specialize in jobs that can be done online.
Plenty of us get annoyed that our uncles work abroad.
But because of the currency difference, it works out cheaper for us.
We are still poor when it comes to other countries.
Learning new skills will be necessary, but working online means you're not tied to a local labour market.
Our country is almost not creating jobs.
What He has created is much better than their creation.
Table set "Individuality" with 4 pieces.
The Royal Childhood collection is one of the most extensive and well-known collections of silver for children in Russia.
It contains many charming models of silver spoons, forks and knives, ladles and scoops, snuff boxes and seals.
All our children's silverware is strictly controlled for quality.
The ecological silver, produced directly on the factory, the careful manual finishing with cotton wool make the products absolutely safe for the baby.
By virtue of its antiseptic properties, the regular use of silver objects can support the body's own immune system and even prevent some of the typical childhood diseases.
The factory specialists received a grant to study the complex but very beautiful gilding technique used by the famous Carl Faberge.
This allows to create amazingly bright and voluminous images on the items.
The collection is full of lovely characters who will become a child's faithful friends.
Inka Silver, it's all right.
There's an easier way.
Soft tissue heals well, if not all removed, the residue will grow back.
If it is pneumonia, the second lung will become larger over time and will work on both sides.
They like to fill their own cups, fathers before daughters, and they don't weep much.
Don't be early for a change.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
Blue Origin's New Shepard capsule, carrying six tourists, makes a suborbital flight
Blue Origin's New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11.
The trip, which was streamed on the company's website, lasted a total of more than ten minutes, before the capsule with the passengers touched down on Earth, according to TASS.
The booster was launched from the Van Horn cosmodrome.
The craft reached an altitude of just over 100 km and the space tourists experienced a period of weightlessness.
The rocket booster landed intact at the launch site.
Blue Origin successfully flew its New Shepard suborbital vehicle with passengers on July 20.
Warnings about the Londoner.
You don't want to be in a big lump sum - bad people happen, you might have a claim against them some day...
But what about the number of kids, the age, the pension fund, everything else?
You write that they are "stinkers who didn't pay back the money."
And it's only a matter of time before they have children of their own, and it won't be your head that's on the block.
Well, since that's been ruled out, what right do you have to condemn them?
Well, I suppose it's just in education these days...
Elected parents dictate their own rules, openly flouting the existing ones.
What about other areas of life, like justice and so forth?
They are above the law.
What if dad gets to implement his own brand of discipline and education?
Being an example is very, very bad.
DESIGN WORKS UPSCALING STARS 2719
Material: 14 ct dark blue coloured canvas, wool, sequins, beads, needle, chart, instructions.
Design Works' production dates back to 1987 and enjoys worldwide popularity to this day.
Many details were worked out by a well-known designer, Ronald West.
Design Works cross stitch samplers are supplied with high quality Aida aida, 100% cotton yarn and 24 count tapestry needle.
You will also find in our assortment pick and place nozzles, the Tobin pick and place nozzle is a nozzle for SMD components, but also for tray and tape feeding and much more.
China strengthens prevention and control of the novel coronavirus epidemic in cities with land ports
The Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the PRC has issued a circular to strengthen prevention and control of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) epidemic in cities with land border crossing points in order to further prevent the importation of the virus from overseas.
According to the circular, people leaving the designated cities must provide a negative result of the Covid-19 nucleic acid test taken within 48 hours of departure.
Those travelling to cities with ground crossing points must take at least one test for the Covid-19 nucleic acid upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in force from the date on which the relevant provincial-level administrative units define and publish the zones of the cities in question until March 15, 2022.
It further notes that ports of embarkation that meet certain conditions may consider establishing buffer zones for the prevention and control of the novel coronavirus disease within their jurisdiction.
Taisia Sokolova, as usual, the Russian women are drawn to the Eastern ethnos by the Indian films that only in Russia and were shown in cinemas.
Nobody ever looked at the west with the Trojans.
And how many towns and villages have been abandoned and left?
Sontelle Provençal mattress Vivre family Castom, 140Х195, artwork: 5111704.
Composition of layers of RelaxFoam mattress 2 inch: 3 inch latex, 2 inch TFK, 2 inch coconut fiber,
Czech Splendid Trick.
The chiropractic table, made of cotton, has a special design.
The base is made of special synthetic threads which ensure high strength and softness of the material.
The cellular structure of the mattress supports natural temperature regulation and moisture management while you sleep.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, 230 g/m².
Matrix Diamond OK Basis, size 130x185.
The compression orthopedic mat OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the line.
The Balance Foam filling provides the mattress with all necessary orthopedic properties, but keeps the price at an affordable level.
This product is an optimal combination of price and quality.
Peña Balance is a modern material obtained from EPS.
The additive is highly hypoallergenic and safe.
This is exactly why pen is widely used in industry.
Its safety and reliability is confirmed by a special certificate, obtained in Europe, where the requirements are much stricter than in Russia.
Another important feature of the Balance Foam is its orthopedicity: the material supports the correct human position during the whole sleep time.
Thanks to the mattress penetrated below the average level, the product is considered to be quite soft manufacturer.
The main load-bearing component in the mattress is the SuperSprings.
It is remarkable for the content of independent springs, here located 256 items on a square meter.
The practical block holds a weight of up to 100 kg on the sleeping place, distributes the load and adapts the surface under the sleeper, enhancing the orthopedic qualities of the foam.
Manufacturer provides the possibility to choose between a 12 cm and 18 cm spring block without changing the final price.
Be sure to let the operator know your preferences when ordering.
Matra is supplied in a tricot bag, along with it the height of the model is 21 cm.
Czech is not removable.
The orthopedic pen that is used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certificate.
Browse our extensive range of Arte Lamp products.
It's perfect for places like the living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The luminous device comes in a flower: gold.
The lamp takes E14 bulbs.
The total power allows to illuminate about 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this luminaire for spaces designed in the "Classic" style.
Foreign Ministry described the "regrettable turn" in relations between Russia and the United States
In an interview with Izvestia, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov assessed the prospects for relations between Moscow and Washington.
He noted that the long history of interaction had led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries did not begin yesterday.
There is a one-sided negative predictability, but the prospect of some improvement is totally unpredictable.
That's a sad conclusion after the long road we've traveled with this administration, and with Tramp, and with Oblivious.
The problems did not begin yesterday," he said.
According to Ribokov, the problem is rooted in the US desire to impose on Russia approaches to a number of issues.
The foreign minister added that he would not have been optimistic about the prospects for an improvement in relations and did not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that there had been no progress on issues such as strategic stability and cybersecurity.
Russia calls on the United States to act responsibly on issues of international security and hopes that the signals will be heard and that the Americans will come to their senses.
Previously, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said at a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Anthony Blinken that Moscow is ready to resume dialogue with the United States.
A virologist warned about the danger of vaccinating with the Covid-19 vaccine outside of hospitals
People who have been given the nasal vaccine for Covid-19 may develop an allergy and need medical help, so the first points for administering the vaccine should not be at airports and shopping centres.
This was reported by TASS to virologist, corresponding member of RAS, head of Novosibirsk State University laboratory of bionanotechnology, microbiology and virology Sergey Netesov.
It is easier to organize measles vaccination points in airports and shopping centers, but I would do that only in the beginning, in medical institutions.
The point is that the likelihood of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine exists, it's small, but you'd rather have someone sit in a doctor's cabinet afterwards.
Doctors have special sets of allergy medications that work literally in a minute or two, which is sometimes very necessary," Netetsov said.
The virologist says that considering vaccination in shopping centres can be thought about when there is experience with the use of the drug.
He also stressed that when using the nasal vaccine it was important that it reached the mucous lining of the nose.
There is a possibility that the vaccine may not reach its destination if the nasal spray is wiped after it has been squirted.
A set of 4 playing cards with the theme "Knights of the round table"
You want to feel like a real artist?
The riddles by numbers are interesting both for children and adults.
After all, many love to draw, but sometimes lack the ability or skills.
This is not a difficult but a very captivating occupation that allows you to relax, realize your creative potential and create masterpieces with your own hands.
There are many unusual pictures and "untried" topics in the assortment!
We develop topics independently and do our utmost to ensure that you are thrilled with the result!
It's very simple!
The contours applied to the canvas are not "floating," they are not dissolved by the water.
I numbered each segment so we wouldn't get lost in the folds.
The card in a finished form will be a bright element of a situation, a highlight of an interior, attracting attention at the first sight.
This picture was not painted by just any artist.
You drew her yourself.
With your hands!
Serbia Makes 2mln Doses of Satelit V Vaccine
Satellite V is the most popular vaccine in Serbia.
Serbia has produced some 2 million doses of the Russian "Sputnik V" vaccine, TASS quoted the country's Minister of Innovation and Technological Development Nenad Popovic as saying.
So far, around 2 million doses of Sputnik V vaccine have been produced at the Torlak Institute, and we expect to produce at least 4 million in the coming period," Popovic said.
He said the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbs.
To that end, the republic plans to purchase an additional million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development of Serbia also expressed interest in producing measles vaccine "Sputnik V" and "Sputnik Light" reagent in the country.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin said that Russia has delivered nearly 2 million doses of the domestic Sputnik V coronavirus vaccine to Serbia.
Lama, they say, is the true church.
Are there truly believers, or are there not?
This is what we wish for, and this is what we try to be.
But no one should say that about themselves, or those who believe as he does, that they alone are truly believers.
Because if they can say of themselves that they are truly believers, then so can everyone else.
BenQ Joybook S710 17-inch
Steel spring mattress Orthopedic S1000 with different hardness levels, total mattress height 22 cm.
Maximum permissible load per sleeping place 150 kg.
The mattress has an independent spring block S1000 (1000 springs in one sleeping place).
Each spring is contained in an individual tissue capsule, which allows the springs to distribute the load of the body correctly.
An additional protection is that an insulating layer of felt separates the matrix and spring fillings.
On one side of the mattress there is a 3 cm thick layer of coconut coir, which provides the mattress with additional firmness and durability.
On the opposite side of the mattress a layer of coconut fibre 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm is added.
The natural latex has anatomic effect and wear-resistant properties.
The check pattern is made of 100% organic Hollcon.
Fabric treated with Sanitized (Switzerland) special antibacterial agent.
The nozzle ensures complete destruction of mould fungi, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites and bacteria.
The mattress comes with four convenient handles for easy turning, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the mattress layers.
The perimeter is additionally reinforced with an artificial latex liner, which substantially increases its service life.
Alexander M., Remind me please, in which style did you run the 2021 World Championship Marathon?
You see the ski slope the contestants have to slalom down in the classic style?
Attention, question - what does Clebo do right of Bolshunov and how he wants to get to the ski lift if he on the turn before the finish came from behind?
The best finisher" at 1.5 km and after 50 km are two different things.
Once there was...
I was, but I wasn't really the driver.
Legs were, but couldn't ride.
MAZ offered to drive 250 km in one direction!
Young, bad, agreed.
Master's around, the driver's getting drunk, I'm going.
First, as a king, took the oath!
A column formed behind me.
He missed.
Then the strap on my G.I. Joe broke.
Then the janitor stopped us.
They were in a caravan and their car broke down.
Gotta bounce.
The owner of the Mazda explained that he was drunk, the driver was inexperienced.
And he's, what, a drunk?
You don't trip, you don't fall.
We've got megaphones ahead and ahead!
I just don't think it's his problem.
Singers too. About the retirement age.
Budgets have long since been exhausted by the billions in unfunded liabilities for retirees.
Oh, who's been feeding them that line?
1,239 cases of coronavirus omicron strain recorded in Britain in 24 hours - TASS in Russian
An additional 1,239 cases of infection with the new coronavirus variant have been identified in the United Kingdom within the last 24 hours.
This is according to Sky News.
There were 1,196 new cases of the omicron strain in England, 38 in Scotland and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of Covid-19 cases from the new strain in the United Kingdom has reached 3,137.
Previously, researchers at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine pessimistically predicted that as many as 75,000 people in England could be dead by April due to the coronavirus outbreak caused by Omicron.
Peskov has warned of the suffering that Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions
Press Secretary of the Russian President Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in case of further "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including over the alleged "invasion" of the country's territory.
A Kremlin spokesman told Russia's NTV television channel: "You can't slap sanctions on Russia and not feel the pain yourself."
Peskov asserts that this is "understood by everyone in the world."
Previously reported that the United States is considering the possibility of introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sphere as a last resort.
Washington and the European Union are also planning to impose restrictions aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars for Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
And the head of the Spar Bank, German Gref, is sure that it is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - adequate comments!
Something about these simple-to-the-point-of-nausea recipes is making me nauseous.
I guess we're out of ideas.
Even in my distant childhood mom baked delicious pies and cakes, and never came to mind a piece of bread, soaked in jam, to compare with a cake.
Xenia, you don't have to bring anything into my head. My head has to work things out for itself.
("The incapacity of an intellect separated from the Spirit to apprehend") what are you talking about?
Try explaining that to a child, without using your fingers!
Children's world is different from that of adults.
New Caledonia rejects independence from France
A majority of voters in the third and final referendum on the independence of New Caledonia have decided to remain part of France.
This was reported by the French TV channel BFM.TV on December 12.
Independence was rejected by 96.5% of the votes cast.
In the South Pacific, 3.51 per cent of the population favoured independence from France.
They just annulled 2.99% of the votes.
That day the turnout was very low: some 55% of the islanders went to the polls.
Experts attribute the low turnout to appeals by separatists to boycott the referendum because of the corruption.
Paris has refused to postpone the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, residents of New Caledonia voted against independence from France in a referendum.
A referendum on independence was already held in the region in 2018.
Most residents have favored maintaining the archipelago as part of France.
New Caledonia is almost 20,000 kilometres from metropolitan France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia a French possession.
It is inhabited by about 270,000 people and has a special administrative status.
A 1998 agreement between Paris and the New Caledonia government allows the territory to hold two referendums on independence, separated by two years.
Boris, if you don't know the history, don't whisper.
The name of the city Arsk came from the Swamp-Tartar word "Карыш" (maple).
The Udmurts live in the northern part of the republic.
Udmurts are beautiful, hard-working people, have kept their language, live in friendship with the Tatars, know 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know how old you are, but I wanna tell you that the Motherland will never abandon you.
...throwing bricks and shouting slogans...
I say this to you with complete confidence drawn from my own experience.
Don't spit in the well, you might drink it dry!
Who Preliminarily Considers Omicron Safer Than Delta
The World Health Organization (WHO) provisionally considers "omicron" to be less dangerous than the Delta strain of coronavirus.
However, there is some evidence of a waning efficacy of vaccines against the new variant of COVID-19.
According to the data of December 9, 2014 Omicron is registered in 63 countries.
Preliminary data and a markedly altered antigenic profile of the omicron strain suggest a reduced efficacy of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant.
Preliminary findings from South Africa suggest that it ("the severity of the disease") may be less than with "delta," "the WHO technical statement said.
The organization notes that so far all reported cases of bluetongue in the EU have been mild or asymptomatic.
Preliminary data, however, suggest that the new strain is spreading faster than Delta.
Russia has registered two cases of infection with the omicron strain.
They have "previously been immunized," reported the Gamaa Al-Ikhouma Center.
Inspector General Anna Popova said there is no reliable data so far that the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than others.
In fact, the lack of sun for us Southerners is quite critical.
In ten days spent in Petra sometime in November we saw the sun for the first time when our returning hovercraft took off over the desert.
It was only then that I realized what I'd been missing in beautiful Petere.
Unforgettable Jeep tours across the Caucasus:
To bring forth what he did not bring forth -- nothing but empty names!
He who sees only the water in the ocean
The one on earth doesn't notice the mountains.
Your adventure of the week +7 (905) 989-9172 What's App
we are ready to spoil even the worst mood!
Svetlana C., yes, there's no such thing as - indestructible.
If your favorite, with whom you plan to spend your whole life, does not meet your demands, he is a parasite, who does not want to give as much as he takes.
Women's problem is that they put too much pressure on themselves.
Who's to blame when you grab the gun yourself?
In Ukraine called four scenarios for Zelensky
Ex-Deputy Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Vadim Denisenko outlined four scenarios for the development of events for the President of Ukraine Vladimir Zelensky in 2022.
In his view, the president may be left to fend for himself without Western support, and he may compromise on Donbas.
This was reported by Denisenko on Sunday, December 12, in an article on the website "Glavred."
The first scenario, which Denisenko called an "ideal storm," assumes that Ukraine will be abandoned by key Western countries, which will reach an agreement about the country's future without Ukraine's participation.
Such development of events will lead to a deep crisis that Kiev may face in 2023.
There is a simultaneous drop in prices for key goods, which we traditionally export... Internal protests and confrontation with the key FPGs (financial-industrial groups - RED)," said the ex-parliamentarian.
According to Denisenko, there is another scenario - "a war against all."
This forecast may be disrupted in the case of high turbulence in the world politics, when the Ukrainian authorities will face a number of problems.
Under these circumstances, the Ukrainian leadership may make compromises on Donbas at the risk of confrontation within the country.
By the end of the summer, Zelensky's positions will weaken, the likelihood of this scenario is up to 50%-55%, the former MP said.
The third scenario for the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is the confrontation of the population and the President, who do not agree with Zelensky, which will likely result in the seizure of control over the power bloc and the implementation of "populist initiatives."
In this scenario of the crisis, Zelensky will begin the "transformation of power," Denisenko added.
Another scenario is to turn Zelensky into a father figure.
This can be due to an event that is a major shock to the community.
The event should be large enough to trigger a reaction from the outside partners and bring more support to Ukraine," Denisenko said.
Such development of the situation is possible as a result of natural catastrophe, technogenic disaster or aggressive actions of Russia, believes the ex-deputy.
At the same time, the Russian side has repeatedly denied any possibility of an "invasion" of Ukraine.
In Moscow they note that it is the Ukrainian authorities, NATO and the United States that are increasing military activity near Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, data from the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian President fell to an all-time low of 19.3%.
This is the lowest score since he became president.
Pollsters predicted that in the case of early presidential elections in Ukraine, only 21.8% would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for the country's former President Petro Poroshenko.
Among all respondents, only 19.3% expressed their support for the President.
Kaiser Sena dental unit (74181)
Kaiser Sena Dual (74181) is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular for its quality and durability, as many customer reviews on third-party websites attest.
By buying this product from us you get our guarantee for quality and functionality.
We realize delivery by transport companies all over Russia and to any region.
In case you find any defects we will send you a full refund. No questions asked.
When calling the operator you will get a personal discount on the product.
Please leave a review after your purchase.
Author thanks for the story about a great athlete, did not know that Elena Shushunova died, very sad to learn.
I remember watching her compete in the Olympics in Seoul, and for us in the Primorsky region, it was a live broadcast, real time.
I remember the excitement, the emotion when Helena won.
And I also rejoiced in the other victories, like the ones by Salnikov, by football players, by all the Soviet athletes back then.
I saw a documentary once on one of the Central American countries, and the coconuts were falling on the deck of the boat and bouncing like rubber balls.
The locusts were of enormous size.
I myself have many times in my youth worked at harvesting and loading grapes in the Astrakhan region and have never seen grapes weighing more than a duck.
I buy currants weighing 4-5 kg straight from the vine and not earlier than the beginning of August.
Bustier bra with soft cups (size 90E, colour beige, fabric: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, wash: 1208).
Soft-top bustle back, on a frame.
The lower part of the cup is reinforced with non-elastic transparent fabric.
The side internal part of the cup, in the area of the bra strap, is reinforced with non-elastic fabric in the fold, without additional seams for comfort.
This is what prevents the neck from breaking.
The wealth of the arch can be assessed by the feast along the line of the décolleté and under the breasts.
The vertical ribs on the side panels made of single-layer microfibre do not allow the fabric to shrink in the wash.
Hated the piece. Vicious, vitriolic.
Went through people you don't know.
But now lots of people like to fold atoms.
I hope those commenting are honest and fair about it all and know what they are talking about.
In Moscow evening 100 times you decide to go alone to the store, migrants everywhere, their hordes.
They think they're the owners.
You're serious about the child allowance and the pension.
Benefits are co-pay and pay a maximum of 3 years, pensions 12,000, someone wrote dentistry, prosthetics in our country is long paid and very expensive.
These people are from another planet.
France is bad, and we are good?
The Matras Beautyson Sense hard S600 mini has a compact shape, a comfortable roundness and firmness, properties of wear resistance and durability.
The "Beautison" trademark from the "Sense" series is designed for people who suffer from ailments of the musculoskeletal system.
The design provides a uniform distribution of load over the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The Butech Blades Sensation S600 Mini Cutting System is a stand-alone, low-profile S600 mini pinch roller.
Beautyson uses span bond, coconut coir and polyurethane as fillers.
The strap serves as an intermediate insulating layer between the soft materials and the springs.
The orthopedic pen with carbon dioxide is applied to the surface of the figurine wax, which ensures the micro massage effect.
The coconut coir is a hypoallergenic material that provides the mattress with high moisture exchange and breathability characteristics.
The rigid tube for the mattress is made of thick jacquard fabric with synthetic fibres.
The material is characterized by strength and durability, does not shrink and does not require complex care.
Arrested for an action in Red Square poet: "For a citation Evtushenko give 10 days, here it is, the power of poetry!"
Earlier in the week, 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov was jailed for ten days.
A VGUE student was detained in Red Square with a placard bearing the hashtag #poetrussiawithoutpoets.
The quote belongs to writer Evgeny Evtushenko.
Alexander was subject to an administrative proceeding for repeated violations of the securities laws.
He was first detained on January 23 at a protest in Pushkin Square in support of Alexey Navalny.
The goal was to attract attention to poetry in general, and now, unfortunately, interest in it is lost, to the detriment of culture in general in Russia, as well as a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the Internet under this hashtag," - explains Alexander.
We contacted a young poet to find out about the circumstances of his detention and to reveal more of the meaning of his message.
How were you treated by the police when you were stopped, both on this occasion and on previous occasions?
What did the department say about your stunt?
This time the officers were polite, the detention was minimal, courteous, as funny as that may sound in the context of that word.
At Pushkinska, they took the riot police and took it hard.
They asked the usual questions about motive.
When they heard it, well, they looked if not approving, then at least understanding.
Everything was fair except the monkey bars, which were all the way around, but I knew what I was getting into.
And if after the action under this hashtag start writing poetry, even just a few people, then I have not spent these 10 days for nothing.
Maxim, according to the protocol, at least talk in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe.
At public and official functions, we speak to the audience in their own language, so that everyone can understand what happened in the Bundestag on 25 September 2001.
It's a protocol and nothing more, by the way, Angela Merkel speaks Russian fluently and still resorts to a translator.
At official functions, the stenographic record is kept by means of the author's own dictating machine, and the stenographer need not know several languages.
A lot of words you don't want, just say "no"!
So much for that.
Semi-retired backpacker, six months in the Andes, then Nepal.
Before that, turn all assets into liquid shares.
And lightly sell the shares, opening a bank account anywhere in the world.
They should sell not in dollars, but in a currency less dependent on the US, such as Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
But that's not all that keeps Americans in the US.
It's the belief that the US is better than everywhere else.
They're so cute.
Hansgrohe Quattro shower head with 3 outlets (15927000).
Collection: Quattro; type: hidden installation mechanism; destination: for mixer, for bath, for shower; built-in systems: yes; type of installation: wall mounting; material of the case: brass; hidden installation mechanism: in set; number of installation apertures: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article number: 15940180; bar code: 4014097344239.
Further information: needs a pressure regulator; delivery set: ceramic cartridge, sealing flange; 3 consumers; it is possible to connect simultaneously 2 consumers (nozzles); suitable for all Quattro external sets; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Researchers told how the potato helps to fight age-related disorders
The study showed that the potato is rich in vitamins and minerals that contribute to improved circulation and lower cholesterol levels.
The germ contains vitamins of the B-group, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic and pantothenic acid.
These elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, the potato helps to fight age-related disorders.
Thanks to its high fiber content, it is beneficial for intestinal transit and, when consumed regularly, can also help prevent hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for best results, root vegetables are better chopped or sliced, rather than grated.
Previously, the Daily Express warned that potatoes could be dangerous for diabetics, just like other high glycemic index products.
These are carbohydrate-containing products that are quickly converted into sugar, such as sugar, sweetening drinks, white rice, and white bread.
At the beginning of December, "Kommersant" newspaper warned about a possible shortage of domestic potatoes, citing a decline in personal plots and an increase in processing capacities.
In the opinion of market participants, the shortage of products at the moment can be replaced only by imports.
LostFilm, LordFilm and other pirates removed from the release of "Junkies"
Candidates for deletion
In 2015, right holders from the "RAEC/Media" cluster have made a list of 100 largest pirate websites in the Runet and most of them have stopped their activities, says Director General of the Internet Research Institute Karen Kazaryan.
But there are those who managed to survive, including Kinogo, Lostfilm and Filmix, by changing their domain name on a regular basis, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in search results both as "Yandex" and Google, one can watch pirated copies of Netflix series "Calmare" and "Tender" by director Anna Melikyan - an original series of Russia's largest video service ivi (owned by AIW).
On Kinogo, which is also accessible to searchers, you can see the animated news "Enchante," but judging by the quality of the video, it is so-called screen (filmed in a movie theater pirate copy of the film).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the TV channel TNT's series "Univer. 10 Years Later" (a Gazprom-media company) is available.
Svetlana M., excuse me, of course, but I don't give a damn whether the boy is offended or not.
If we're gonna have some weirdness, we might as well not meet at all, pick up weird vibes along the way.
Well, of course, that rarely happens.
Soft cup bra without removable pads and front fastener. 135I coffee colour 1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced inside with cross-stitched cotton and linen fabric.
The liner is made of microfibre combined with a netting for air permeability.
Cotton buds with a core of absorbent cotton for comfortable application.
The unique Magiclift design (interlocking under the chest and along the side panels) lifts, separates and supports the chest.
Wide convenient sliders on the lining are regulated from behind.
Humanity, advanced space technology now belongs to China.
Russia has already fallen hopelessly behind.
The idea developed by the Poles " - it would be more correct to say that Poland only adapted to themselves the idea of 1776, but they developed it quite effectively.
Actually, the slogan "Ukraine is not Russia" appeared in 1848.
Which doesn't really change anything.
I watched her interview, the girl said her biggest dream was to have wings grow out of her back, but her dad kept cutting them off.
Well, it's all very dubious anyway.
So she's in college. So what?
Table / desk lamp Maytoni MOD101WL-S13G2K Tessara.
The large circle of light outlined by the "molecules" of light ensures a maximum even and bright illumination of the space.
The nuclear or molecular design, which reflects the reality and the natural essence of each object, does not lose its actuality and allows to set accents successfully in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such chandeliers is the lightness of the construction.
Thin, practically invisible cables, which are regulated by height, create an impression that the ceiling is floating in the air.
Metallic golden armature and matte-white miniature lampshades complement any palette with ease, while the chandelier and sconces in the collection will become a ready-made accent for illuminating a living room, a bedroom, a hall.
Well, for taste and color, that is.
I loved Tarquin. Not the current one, of course.
The juices in tall glass cylinders were delicious.
Three scoops of ice cream is pushing it, if you ask me.
The other two were all over the place.
Max Diaz Micro Ultimate, 160x190mm
An orthopedic, spring-loaded micro-ultimate.
The model is convenient as it has two different surface hardnesses - high and slightly above average.
The product composition includes only quality and premium fillers, which have proven themselves exceptionally well.
At the center of the model is a block of independent micropacks.
This means that the sleeping place has 2000 springs that work completely autonomously.
It is their mode of operation that provides the unique precision fit.
The Micro Packet is the highest frequency of all Dimaksa spring blocks. It has a very strong orthopaedic effect and is considered to be premium.
Filler: The top and bottom are lined with a combination of coir and natural latex.
The only difference is the way the tiles are laid out.
One surface is latex, the other is coconut fiber.
The dancing of the fillers has long been a classic, because it conveys not only orthopedic, but also anatomic properties.
If the shell provides the right support for the back, the latex adapts the surface to the human body.
Czech: the model is supplied in a drained Aloe Vera gel pack.
At the client's request, it can be made both portable and stationary.
Total height of the product is 27 cm, recommended load of the sleeping place is 170 kg.
Warranty and safety: warranty period - 3 years.
Master has all necessary certificates and documents, which confirm his full safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic pen that is used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certificate.
Estonian scientists will search for life on Venus
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in cooperation with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies, is preparing three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, the Aktuaalne Kameer reported Sunday.
The goal of the five-year mission is to assess the habitability of Venus' clouds, and then search for life there.
For the project, Tartu scientists have developed instruments for measuring the acidity and oxygen content of Venus' clouds.
It has long been assumed that Venus, the planet closest to Earth, was too acidic to support life, but new research suggests that Venus may have been a Earth-like planet.
The third mission will bring back a sample from Venus.
If we found life there, the big question would be, is it based on the same stuff as us, or is it completely different?
If it is too similar, it will be obvious that life did not start on Earth.
If it is different, then maybe life is more likely to have started on the Earth," said Michael Payusalu, leader of the Estonian team on the Venus Life Finder project.
That's no phone.
Six months of his time, and that's the price...
That dam Chinese medicine...
Can't they make a decent phone...
My Samsung has survived three such ordeals and will survive more.
Metallization will change the Russian business
The idea of a virtual currency became popular this autumn when Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook would become Meta.
For the market this event is an important signal: the largest player has confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
Therefore, doing business in Russia, as well as all over the world, will invest in creating their own metadata and their subsequent monetization.
Shopping trends should be seen as a continuation of objectively existing trends.
On the one hand, there is a trend to create distance interactions in a pandemic situation because people are tired of disruption and limitations.
The other is a consequence of the business world's desire to develop and adapt ecosystems.
Third, they are the logical extension of the trend towards digitization of assets, whereby any rights, securities, works of art, and even cash, are converted into digital form.
Anna, you are right, diet change is a conscious process.
When you start eating right, you don't crave things that are too salty or too sweet.
Sure, we'll have our traditional foods and ornaments and midnight service, but no one's making me do it all at once.
You can nibble here and there and still have change.
After all, there are ten whole days of vacation ahead of you, in which you can prepare all kinds of tasty and healthy meals.
And how much hell did we put her through in training.
And with a fifth-place finish, she didn't medal at all.
She also understands that 4 years till the next Olympics she won't make it, i.e. she will never be an Olympic champion.
And anyone who hasn't been busy working out or can't imagine all the circles of hell she's been through, DON'T LECTURE HER.
British economist unable to predict 2022
The British economist Jim O'Neill was unable to make a forecast for 2022, as he thought that any attempt to do so would be a mistake.
This he wrote about in an article for ProjectSyndicate.org.
The expert believes that the next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can reverse.
The most important factor remains the coronavirus pandemic, followed by inflation, he believes.
He also admitted that he did not know whether the rise in commodity prices was temporary or not.
As the specialist pointed out, it was already clear before the pandemic that "the world of central bank endless generosity had run out" and that it was time to return to relations in which interest rates, taking into account inflation, would be in line with expected GDP growth.
Mr. O'Neill noted that, in the context of the pandemic, some experts are of the view that continued accommodative monetary policies could lead to a new upsurge in inflation.
In addition, there is the issue of productivity growth, as well as increases in poverty and climate change, O'Neill summarized.
Earlier, the head of the Global Research Department at Open Investments, Mikhail Shulgin, said that the positive expectations for the dollar by 2022 remain, although the growth potential will be less significant.
Among the risks to the U.S. dollar, Shulgin cited Fed monetary policy, oil price dynamics and coronavirus concerns.
I reluctantly agree.
But the good news is, if I compare myself to myself, five years ago I was less of a container.
Much better.
The progress is there, just slow.
The second problem is that there are many ecological initiatives in cities, but people do not know about them.
Any ecotaxi that takes waste from a house.
They use the margins for their secondary reception.
Not many people carry glass and metal in there.
And the author...
Knee-length boots on a Soviet factory?
Low chocolate in the Soviet Union?
Yeah, they don't taste good enough compared to the Chowder, I guess.
At this point, I'd settle for Soviet-era white bread.
They're gone.
They're out of Pilot and this isn't the right Rouche...
EVA (rubber) car mats for Hyundai Santa Fe I (2000-2006).
EVA car mats are made of high quality material that is produced in Russia.
The surface of the tiles consists of cells in the form of diamonds.
Thickness of rubber 10 mm, depth of cells 5-6 mm.
Covering does not absorb and does not let moisture.
The dirt is then evenly distributed throughout the cells, leaving the surface clean.
The material of which the mats are made is elastic, wear-resistant and odourless.
In the temperature range from -50 to +50 °С.
Couplings are maintenance-free and suitable for year-round use.
EVA auto-wrappers maximize standard carpet coverage by overlapping the left leg rest area.
Tunnel to the back row is closed.
The frame is made of super-strong auto glass.
Practice Mattress Dimax Plus V13 130x180 cm
The unidose Dimax (Dimax) Practice Base Plus v13 comes with only one type of filling.
This is an artificial lace plate 13 cm high.
The material's properties determine the symmetrical mean hardness of the sides.
Fabricated with duplex chequered plate with comfort pad, removable or non-removable type.
PP is a hygienic material with anatomic properties.
The main advantages of synthetic lactose (SRB) are characteristics similar to natural analogues but at a lower price.
The synthetic latex is round and elastic, but contrary to the natural material, it has a higher stiffness.
It shapes the anatomic surface of the mattress with quality support that provides a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The strength of this filler ensures the durability and wear resistance of the matrix.
Quality stainless steel, no fear of temperature shock.
Anatomical, inexpensive and temperature-resistant, this mattress is ideal for camping or in a garden house.
Universal medium hardness and maximum load of 100 kg make this mat suitable for most categories of users.
Russia gives car dealers nearly 4.5% of GDP
At the end of 10 months of 2021, the Russians spent on the purchase of new cars 2.0784 trillion rubles, which is 28% more than in the same period last year, according to the statistics of the agency Russian Automotive...
To put it into perspective, approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state to support citizens and the economy during the coronavirus pandemic.
In September at a meeting of heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, President Vladimir Putin said that such a figure is comparable with more than 4.5% of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) by 2020.
In terms of revenue in the Russian market leads Korean brand Kia.
In the first ten months of this year, he managed to sell cars for 325.7 billion rubles, almost 24% more than a year ago.
Kia's sister brand Hyundai posted an even more impressive gain of over 35%, with car sales valued at RUB 2,793 billion.
In the leading positions this brand and for the increase in the average price of the car - within a year at Hyundai it has grown almost by 21%, to 1,94 million rubles - stronger dynamics of supply was only at Chagan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz.
At the same time, sales volumes of Korean brands did not grow that much: according to the statistics of the Carmakers' Committee of the European Business Association in Russia, Kia sold by 9.4% more cars in quantitative terms over the same period last year.
Hyundai - almost 12%.
Toyota has reclaimed the top spot in terms of cash sales in Russia - during the first 10 months of the year, Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on cars from the Japanese manufacturer, which is 14% more than a year ago.
Mercedes-Benz with the indicator of 266.1 billion rubles (+75%) - German premium brand has grown both sales (by 37%), and the average price of the car (by almost 28%, to 8.2 million rubles).
Mercedes-Benz has simultaneously good sales and average prices - higher than, for example, BMW - hence the greater financial flexibility, "explained Tatiana Arabadjieva, general director of NAPA.
At the pace of sales growth fantastic figures demonstrate Chinese brands, also having significantly increased financial flexibility this year."
Russian Lada by dynamics of income growth demonstrates an average index (plus 28%), Russians have spent on these cars for 10 months 229.4 billion rubles.
At the level of last year by liquidity are companies whose car sales in pieces in 2021 fell: in particular, Volkswagen, Mistsubishi and Nissan.
UAZ is in the red, with Russians spending 12 billion rubles on UAZ vans and pickups in the first 10 months of the year, down from 12.4 billion rubles a year earlier.
Against the background of problems with supplies of automotive components and disruptions in production, affecting the entire global automotive industry, car companies continue to make price adjustments - the same "AvtoVAZ" has increased the cost of models Lada seven times per year, the last rise (by 8-10 thousand rubles) took place at the end of November.
Regularly re-examine your pricing and that of your competitors.
The volume of the Russian car market in monetary terms will continue to grow - in addition to the shortage of cars contributing to this is inflation, as well as the desire of automakers to recover past losses, believe experts.
Under these conditions, I think that many car companies were even able to partly pass on to the consumer the costs of past periods, which they could not build into the price of cars before,
says VTB Capital analyst Vladimir Bungalov. -
In financial terms, I think that carmakers are feeling pretty good about themselves at the moment, maintaining high margins on sales."
An indirect indicator of this is the rate of growth of car prices, which is observed during 2021, the expert notes.
Over the long term, the market will grow in both quantitative and monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the increasing complexity of the machines themselves, BNE predicts.
As supply rises, the scope for price rises will be limited.
In monetary terms, the Russian car market will continue to grow next year, even if the rate of car price growth slows down, automakers will be able to get their income from volumes, notes independent automotive consultant Sergey Buradzliev.
Taking into account the increased demand and insufficient supply, now automakers are striving to get the maximum profit from each sold car, notes Burgeazliev.
Increase in car production is not expected at least for the next six months, and in Russia the hysteria is fueled by citizens' uncertainty about the future.
Against the background of the situation in the market, cars turned out to be a good object for investment - a car bought a year ago, even with depreciation, can now be sold at the initial cost, notes the expert.
Biden spoke about the transfer of U.S. troops to Ukraine in the event of a Russian invasion
The US government has never considered sending American troops to Ukraine in the event of a Russian "invasion."
This was stated by the US President Joe Biden.
There is no such plan," the White House chief said in response to a journalist's question about whether the United States had abandoned the idea.
Biden noted that if the situation escalates around Ukraine, Russia will face economic consequences.
He stressed, however, that the United States and NATO have no commitment to use military force to defend Ukraine if the situation escalates.
The American leader also said that the possibility of unilateral use of U.S. forces to defend Ukraine is not on the table.
Biden explained that if Russia invades Ukraine, the United States will move its forces to the NATO countries in Eastern Europe (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Estonia).
We're going to have to commit more American and NATO troops to the eastern front," Biden said, "all those NATO countries we have a sacred obligation to defend against any Russian attack."
Earlier, the press secretary of the Russian President Dmitry Peskov stressed that Moscow does not intend to invade the territory of Ukraine.
At the same time, he indicated that Moscow saw a problem with Kiev's deployment of Turkish-supplied drones and that "American weapons are approaching our borders."
I can't stand these interrogations.
If the interview is going to consist of me listening to screams, waiting for an hour, drinking bad wine and washing the dishes, I dread to think what the job will be like.
I'll find a normal place to work, where you don't have to go through an echo to talk to the manager.
Monolit Combi 140x190 cm
The average height of the PROMATEX-ORIENT MONOLITH COMBI 16 is 16 mm. It is made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut fibre.
One side medium-hard, the other moderately hard.
A delicate white chevron on a black background finished with a flash along the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillings.
Between the lattice slats are thin slats made from coconut wood.
The woven structure of the mat is characterized by increased wear resistance, durability and resistance to loads.
Natural latex by its characteristics is a dense, elastic, airtight material.
The filler holds its shape and quickly recovers after shocks.
Coconut fiber increases the strength of the product, has antimicrobial properties by nature.
The combination of these two materials creates an orthopedic sleep surface that will last you for many years.
Universality and orthopedagogy.
Matras is suitable for people of different age and type of disability.
The medium-hard surface is ideal for a balanced mix of grip and comfort.
The concave side is less comfortable for soft tissues but has more orthopedic properties.
The moderately hard sleeping place is more relevant for those who need to load the back and maintain a healthy posture.
Matras is ideal for a single person or a couple.
The latter in particular will appreciate the presence of a stable surface and the absence of the wave effect, when oscillations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite side, disturbing a person's sleep.
Studio easel, 20* 24* 54 (65) cm, for canvases up to 40 cm
Studio stand with a vertically adjustable upper holder.
Comes along for the small hollows.
Material - natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginning and professional artists.
Easy angle adjustment.
Equipped with a touch-sensitive area for smartphones and tablets.
The upper holder firmly fixes the cloth.
The maximum height of the sleeve is 65 cm, the maximum width of the hem - 40 sm.
If you get a call from a scammer posing as an "FBI agent" or other law enforcement official, hanging up is not an option. You're unlikely to be put on a blacklist.
Because to confirm his lie about being close to the power structures, he quickly repeats the challenge and continues to sow and reap.
We need more useful advice for the people.
hold this.
I do not believe that was the case at all.
They're running out of people to blame.
Made it to the Queen.
And most of all, they think that it's everybody else's fault except their own...
It would have been easier to leave the people in peace, of course, if our concern was for our people.
And maybe we lose the virus strains...
As in Japan... before the election, the influence and corruption has become less...
Mixed woollen yarn "Assort.No 2." 100% wool, 4x10 tex.
Weaving wool as a craft was invented about 8,000 years ago, and it was very hard to find animal wool for this occupation, and especially dyed.
But now it's different!
Presenting half-a-tonne natural wool felt for sale by a Russian manufacturer, you do not have to run after a forest or pasture.
The unique properties of the wool for felting allow to create bright and unique items.
For example, you can make a sweet toy for yourself or your baby, apps for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations and even clothes and accessories.
Imagine a couple of "shorn" fluffy sheep on your mantelpiece, a small photo frame on the wall, a red necklace that will look great with your new dress, or unique home tap shoes that no one else has...
Materialise your ideas by "crashing" this wonderful wool!
Mary Karashova, what does that mean?
I'm not voicing my thoughts, I'm cursing you mentally.
I smash the heads of those who don't give me way. I smash and burn cars that get in my way.
And to see that I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought was material!
Peter, in all his years as tsar, never signed a death warrant.
Not even a hothead like Koba and his squad.
And bloody Sunday is all a fabrication of the Bolsheviks.
Matras Comfort Line hard classic TFC 180x190.
Trussed up tight on both sides.
The natural latex coir core does not cause allergic reactions and adds the necessary firmness and elasticity to the mattress.
The independent TFC spring block (512 springs in one sleeping place) guarantees unique comfort and correct support of spine during sleep.
200 g canned jackfruit, drained
the hall gives protection and comfort.
Maximum load per sleeping place: 130 kg.
Bring my horse.
Pony with Accessories House, 6 pcs.
Charming Pony lives in a cozy pink house.
If the lid is lifted, one half can be used as a kitchen and the other half as a dining table.
The little pony has big beautiful eyes, her mane and tail can be brushed with a comb.
Set includes: pony 9 cm, raspberry, dome (2 halves), table (2 pieces), kitchen (2 pieces), accessories: scissors (2 pieces), cake (2 pieces), juice bottle, 2 glasses, teapot, cup and plate.
Matra MELLA Duet Coco Latex DS 190x90, weight 27,9 kg.
The alternating layers of latex and stiff coconut fiber give the effect of improved body support.
The Mattress DUET COCOS-LATEX DS from MELLA without any problem withstands a weight of 170 kg per sleeping place.
This is not a wave effect: the couples lying next to each other are not scattering on each other regardless of the difference in weight.
The material of which the model is made has been carefully checked for quality.
They don't rust, they don't corrode, they don't absorb odours.
Thanks to the full cycle of air creates a unique microclimate, which contributes to a healthy rest.
The high-temperature adhesive is used to bond the details.
Alexander Sokurov's film receives the European "Oscar" for the best editing
Russian film "Leviathan," which was nominated for an Oscar, won the European Film Academy award in the Best Editing category, Moskovsky Komsomolets newspaper reports.
The jury of the competition, voting online due to the difficult epidemiological situation, assessed the outstanding mastery of the authors of the film.
The maximum number of awards in this edition went to the film by Jasmila Zbanic (Bosnia and Herzegovina) "Where Are You Going, Aida?"
The main character is a translator in a U.N. mission who tries to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
Kiro's Revenge, by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Aleksandr Sokurov's workshop) is about the complex relationship between a domineering father and his adult children, who are eager to shake off their father's authority in Northern Ossetia.
Previously it was announced that the film has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
As regular friendly meetings of presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, Turkey are taking place, you, mildly speaking, are out of the subject.
Yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the establishment of a joint Azerbaijani-Russian company KAMAZ.
