From my point of view, the literature program was formed by ladies of the Balzac age based on their interests.
From Russian literature of the 19th century, we preferred Danilevsky and Volkonsky.
They wrote belletristic works, of course, from the point of view of those same dams of Balzac's age.
The psychology and suffering of the heroines in Tolstoy and Turgenev's works may not be as interesting to teenagers.
Teenagers generally find psychology of heroes uninteresting.
Thank you very much, I am very interested.
Maybe the roses were plush to represent a certain type of rose?
There is a rose with such a color and such a structure of the petal, usually in dark red and bordeaux tones.
The roses look different, their petals have an atlas or silky shine.
Sharks attack surfers, mistaking them for turtles...
Bulls are like daltons.
Bears eat garbage...
Gorillas shouldn't look into the eyes - in some safari parks, visitors are given glasses with drawn eyes looking to the side.
Bees are still oriented towards the smell...
Mattress Promtex Micropacket Prestige 105x195.
"Micropackage Prestige" model: comfort and natural composition.
The mattress has different firmness on both sides: the medium-firm surface is made of latex-coated coconut fiber and natural latex, while the medium-soft surface is made of a natural latex plate.
A spring block with 1000 springs per square meter quickly adapts to the body of a sleeping person, preventing the appearance of the "wave" or "hammock" effect.
Among the advantages of the model, it is necessary to highlight the breathable materials.
Latex, perforated for air permeability, ventilates naturally just like coco coir.
Thanks to this, a healthy microclimate of the sleeping place is maintained.
Also, the extended warranty is applied to the mattress.
The official warranty period from the manufacturer is 5 years, but the actual lifespan of the mattress is longer.
The protection against dust and contamination is provided by the removable cover made of jacquard fabric, supplied in the set.
Buy a pair of orthopedic pillows to support the optimal position of the spine during sleep.
The filler determines the purpose of the sides - the coconut shell serves as an anatomical support for the back, while the latex relaxes the muscles.
Include your brain and chase such relatives in-law!
It's better not to have any at all than to have such...
Either you're looking for a part-time driver or someone who is willing to invest and work with you on a shared basis.
If it doesn't work out, sell the car, even if it means taking a loss.
In the next time, better think...
Andrew, you explained to me that in schools, pensioners work, they will not work in a team.
The computer teacher also won't be able to help, he didn't teach them this, the school is playing games in Windows.
So there is no support.
I remember with horror these dinners and guests at my parents' house.
Guests at the door, and on the plate, potatoes are still frying, the mother is frantically cleaning the floor.
Lord, I am so tired that I can hardly stand up.
And then I'll wash the dishes, and the house will be clean.
A week before the holiday, you bring the products, two days of cleaning, and one day of cleanup after.
What guests?
They are doing well, and it is necessary to take a candy with them.
Since then, I don't like holidays, guests.
Even for my family, I put the tablecloth on as minimally as possible.
And I bake them often, I bake them very often just like that.
Germany: Fourth COVID-19 vaccine dose is necessary
The fourth vaccination will be required in the summer or fall of 2022.
According to the expert, the current vaccination in Germany will not be final, but will continue with new strength.
Despite an active vaccination campaign in Germany, it is unlikely that two or three doses of the coronavirus vaccine will be sufficient for full protection.
The director of the Association of General Practitioners, Ulrich Weigeltd, is convinced.
According to Die Welt, on Saturday, December 11th.
"We expect that the fourth vaccination will be required in the summer, at the latest in the fall," says the expert.
In addition, Weygeldt hopes that the fourth COVID-19 vaccination can be conducted "in combination with the flu vaccine".
This will help achieve the best results.
In addition, enhanced vaccination may help in the fight against the spread of the new strain of coronavirus "Omicron".
Why is the new variant especially dangerous?
Yes, the probability of a repeat infection with "Omicron" is three times higher than with Delta or Beta strains.
The results of a preliminary study conducted in South Africa support this.
Based on this, the manufacturers BioNTech / Pfizer plan to provide a vaccine adapted for Omikron by March 2022.
Companies emphasize that two doses of the vaccine do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the new "Omicron" variant of the coronavirus.
A study by BioNTech and Pfizer showed that the efficacy of the vaccine is significantly lower at two doses: "the neutralizing potential decreases by more than 25 times".
"This suggests that two doses of BNT162b2 do not provide sufficient protection against infection with the omicron strain," said BioNTech and Pfizer.
Therefore, a third dose is necessary.
Experts insist on accelerating the pace of vaccination in the country.
For example, the chairman of the German Society for Infectious Diseases, Bernd Salzberger, advocates for reducing the interval between the second and third vaccination.
Moreover, as Salzberg believes, accelerated vaccination will have an impact on the spread of both the Delta variant and the Omicron variant of the coronavirus.
"The experience of Israel is very convincing in this regard," emphasized the expert.
Vobler Pontoon21, Bet-A Vib, 54 Silent, 54mm, 8.5g.
The Bet-A-Vib series is a special branch of the Bet-A family from the Pontoon21® company.
She (like the Kalikana Vib series) differs from many other vibes in that she was initially created with consideration for use in underwater fishing, rather than just for trolling.
These vibes have a greater, than their close analogues in terms of dimensions, specific weight, which undoubtedly positively affects the nuances of using these interesting lures.
Another recognizable feature is the upper vibrating plate made of strong and elastic plastic, creating additional tones of vibration during vertical and horizontal laying.
As a "winter vibe" when catching in suspension with Bet-A-Vib, it demonstrates quite an aggressive game.
Often the most catchy is a simple monotonous animation, that is, movements of the eyes up and down almost without pauses.
The deviation from the vertical axis is not very large, which is convenient when fishing in limited space, cluttered with underwater vegetation, crabs and other obstacles, which can be caught.
Moreover, a small deviation is relevant when catching winter pike and large perch, and especially in the middle of winter when a precise and aggressive presentation of the bait is required.
Reaching the end of its trajectory, Bet-A-Vib instantly rotates and returns to its original vertical position.
Bet-A-Vib is also successfully used for winter fishing for pike in ponds.
To please her whims, you can choose from two modifications: with a noisy capsule (NS - NanoSound) or without it (SL - Silent).
It is also noted that Bet-A-Vib can irritate a passive sucker, who does not react even to live bait.
Bet-A-Vib demonstrates distance and accuracy when catching.
This ball is understandable and not capricious, it goes well with lace and knitted ribbons of even larger diameters.
For catching pike, perch, eel or pikeperch, besides the uniform action, the "step-by-step" method is also used, and sometimes with "chirping" along the bottom.
If you are fishing in areas with a lot of weeds, you can change the front triplet to a double hook, which will reduce the likelihood of snags.
Among the primaknots of its class, Bet-A-Vib is one of the most durable in operation and, as a consequence, one of the most catchy.
It can be used with equal success on relatively small and quite deep areas.
All models are equipped with Owner ST-36 hooks.
How many young slackers sit on the necks of old parents.
"Golden youth" - clearly expressed hooligans in the majority of cases, knowing nothing and unable to do anything.
A busy life leads to idleness.
Perhaps Mishustin had in mind this significant part of the population.
You, indeed, are joking.
I have never seen any shoes in this store that I would like to buy.
What kind of long-sleeved shirt are you writing about?
This shoe is made of leather.
Well, if one season can survive.
"Zenden" is on the same level as "Kari".
Visit a few times, look and understand that there is nothing to do in them.
In Libya, they announced the presence of 7,000 Russian mercenaries.
There are more than 7,000 mercenaries from the private military company (PMC) "Wagner" in Libya.
The chairman of the High State Council of the republic, Khalid al-Mishri, announced this on Sunday, December 12th.
"Currently, there are more than 7,000 mercenaries from the Wagner Group in Libya."
They have both planes and helicopters.
They also dig trenches in Sirte and Kufra.
They have 30 supersonic aircraft at the Ghardabiya air bases (also used as a civilian airport in Sirte)," as reported by Anadolu Agency.
According to Khalid al-Mishri, Russian mercenaries are trying to capture the central part of Libya, stretching from Chad to the Mediterranean Sea, after bringing their man to power in the Central African Republic.
Save presence
According to the opinion of the publication's interlocutor, Moscow was looking for a country to preserve its presence in North Africa and "established itself" in Libya.
"Wagner" has been in Libya since 2019, using an airbase and port in Sirte, as well as an airbase in Jufra, noted in a publication by the agency.
Russian authorities officially deny that the Wagner Group, a private military company, receives support from the Kremlin.
Where else can mercenaries be found?
According to the agency, "Wagner" is reportedly active in nine African countries - Central African Republic, Libya, Sudan, Mozambique, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar, Zimbabwe, and Angola.
The company provides military training for local forces, personal protection for leaders, and energy infrastructure protection.
In exchange for these services, the subsidiaries of "Vagner" receive certain privileges and licenses for the use of mineral resources and natural resources, as well as for the supply of weapons, technologies, and military services to these countries, according to the article.
As claimed by the media, "Wagnerites" supposedly fought in Donbass, Syria, Mozambique, Sudan, and the Central African Republic.
This group is not listed in the law enforcement agencies, nor in the registry of legal entities, and its fighters are absent from the personnel lists.
This company is under US sanctions.
Just a reminder, 27 EU member states' ambassadors approved restrictive measures against "Wagner".
It is expected that this decision by the European Union Council will be approved on December 13th.
Situation in Libya
The High State Council of Libya, de facto, is the second chamber of parliament with consultative functions, dominated by Islamists, writes TASS.
This organ has repeatedly called for moving the date of the single voting day for parliamentary and presidential elections to at least February 2022.
"Less than two weeks remain before the elections, and the chances that they will be held on time are rapidly decreasing," the material notes.
The High Electoral Commission of Libya has postponed indefinitely the announcement of the final list of candidates, according to Sky News Arabia.
Russian foreign policy through the eyes of Russians
38% of Russians see more successes than failures in the country's foreign policy, while 29% believe that failures predominate.
"Examples of success - "defended and restored peace in Syria", "decision on "Northern Stream-2"", "the whole world was frightened by our sharp weapons", "we squeezed out Crimea".
The main failures - "conflict with Ukraine", "confrontation with Western countries", "isolation from the world" - are mentioned in a study by the "Public Opinion Foundation".
The Dubai government has completely refused paper-based documentation - all government services are now digital.
The Dubai government announced its full refusal of paper-based document management and the transition to digital technologies.
All state services will be provided exclusively in electronic form to the population.
The Emirati information agency WAM is reporting on this.
"Today marks the beginning of a new stage in the digitalization of all aspects of life in Dubai - we have completed the transition to a fully paperless government," said Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Crown Prince of Dubai and Chairman of the Dubai Executive Council, on Saturday.
Now, internal and external document flow in all Dubai government agencies will be carried out only in digital form through special information platforms.
The introduction affected all sectors without exception: healthcare, housing, police, municipal authorities, courts, and so on. Many commercial structures also joined the initiative of the government.
The transition to electronic government and digitalization of document flow began in Dubai in 2018.
Over this period, as calculated by the authorities, 336 million sheets of paper have been saved, which corresponds to 14 million hours of human labor and 353.8 million dollars in monetary equivalent.
The former mayor of Moscow, Sergei Sobyanin, said that electronic services save citizens 2 days a year.
Sure, about the dates of birth and how many years the child is, it's already a mess, and about the class and group in kindergarten too.
I don't believe that such stretch marks occur.
And if there are, then they are definitely on all fours, including the family.
My mother, her two brothers, and my grandparents lived on 3 Vladimirskaya Street. There was only one floor, without bars on the windows.
They first knocked on the door, then on the window, then decided not to be polite and broke the window and entered, but grandpa had a baseball bat with which they received.
These people certainly knew that someone was at home...
The production and export of cars in Turkey fell below the level of 2020.
The production and export of cars in Turkey sharply decreased in November due to the devaluation of the lira.
According to Bloomberg, the automotive industry's performance indicators for the first 11 months of the year were worse than last year's result, citing data from the Turkish Automotive Manufacturers Association.
According to the data association, in November 2022, 115,000 cars were produced in Turkey, which is 20% less than the previous year.
About 75,900 vehicles were exported, which is more than 25% lower than the previous year's figure.
And if the automotive sector in Turkey showed a positive trend in the first 10 months of this year, with an increase compared to the previous year, then the production of cars in Turkey in the 11th month of 2021 was already 0.3% lower than the previous year's figure.
The cause of such a fall was a sharp weakening of the Turkish lira, which in November depreciated by 29% against the dollar.
This led to a decline in economic activity in all sectors.
More than 500 subjects of the MSB received a deferment of credit payments in 2021.
The first deputy premier of Kazakhstan, Alichan Smaislov, told about the situation with the provision of benefits for small and medium-sized businesses, reports a correspondent of the Ministry of Information and Communications.
According to information from the Agency of the Republic of Kazakhstan for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market, in this year's execution of the President's order of April 1, 2021, the Chairman of the Agency issued a decree on April 9, 2021, No. 127 "On approval of the Procedure for providing deferment of loan repayments to small and medium-sized business borrowers", as Alihan Smailov wrote in his response to a parliamentary inquiry.
He reminded that the order for the provision of deferment of loan payments provided for the provision of banks and microfinance organizations with deferment of loan payments on loans issued to individuals and legal entities until April 1, 2021, including individual entrepreneurs, in the period from April 1 to June 30, 2021.
The period of deferment ranged from 30 to 90 days at the discretion of the subject of the MSB.
The borrower's statement could have included a different repayment term.
"During the period of deferment regarding the borrower, the creditor suspended the pre-trial proceedings, notifications about the need to repay the overdue debt, as well as the collection of commissions and other payments by the creditor," said the vice premier.
For 2021, applications for loan repayment deferment were received from 603 borrowers of the second level, of which 553 borrowers received deferment on a loan amount of 9.7 billion tenge.
131 subject of the microfinance organization submitted applications for deferment, of which 95 subjects were granted deferment for a total amount of 105.8 million tenge, "- concluded A. Smaislov.
Pulmonologist Puryasev suggested that people with weak immunity can easily tolerate the "okmiron" strain.
The doctor suggested that people with weakened immune systems may be able to carry the virus more easily than those with a strong immune response.
Pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev explained why the "Omicron" strain of the coronavirus may be dangerous.
The cause lies in the conditions of the virus's birth.
Scientists believe that "okmiron" originated in the body of an HIV-infected or immunocompromised individual.
So, he didn't encounter any resistance from the immune system.
Because of this, he is more aggressive.
Because there was no answer from the immune system, he became very fast.
"It seems there are these spike proteins, thorns, maybe more than necessary, their antibodies were not cut during mutations, - comments pulmonologist Sergei Puryasev."
A doctor suggested that people with weakened immune systems may be able to carry the "omicron" variant more easily than those with a strong immune response.
It turns out that a strong response from the body to something, to any infection, is not always good.
In such cases, the organism can kill itself.
So it happens with pneumococcal infections, when young people in their 30s die, while older people in their 60s cough and carry on.
Sergey Puryasev concluded that the immune response of a young person is completely inadequate: where it was only possible to threaten with a finger, he hits like a cannonball at sparrows.
The doctor also reminded that COVID-19 has dangerous side effects and the most unpleasant of them is pneumonia.
Inflammation of the lungs can be bacterial or viral.
If the first treatment is very successful and quick, in the second case, one can often only copy the symptoms - all hope is on the organism.
The first sign of developing pneumonia is the beginning of organism intoxication - this is a temperature, weakness, shortness of breath.
Then come respiratory symptoms: difficulty breathing, tightness in the chest, coughing.
Pain on the right or left side, abdominal pain can also be a sign of an emerging problem.
Meanwhile, in Russia, vaccinations for the 12-18 age group are expected to begin by the end of the year.
According to the virologist and head of the genomic engineering laboratory at MFTI, Pavel Volkov, this category is very active in suffering from COVID-19.
Among teenagers who go to school, the number of contacts is maximized.
"This is the most socially active layer, just like preschoolers, - said Pavel Volkov, a virologist, head of the genomic engineering laboratory at MFTI to "Moscow 24".
Thank you very much for this article.
With pleasure, I refreshed my memories...
Teeth-In.
In the distant 1970s-1980s, no dance floor was complete without the music of this group.
And at home, preparing to go out with friends, they danced to their music.
Immunologists have proposed a hypothesis why obese people become victims of COVID-19.
The authors of the study examined the fat tissue remaining after bariatric operations and found that adipocytes, the fat cells, can be infected with the coronavirus.
Immune cells located in adipose tissue, macrophages, also became infected, and they showed a strong inflammatory reaction.
Scientists have also studied the fat tissue of patients who died from COVID-19 and found coronavirus particles in the fat surrounding various organs.
It is known that viruses such as HIV and influenza can hide in fat tissue, using it as a reservoir, in an attempt to evade the immune system's response.
It is likely that SARS-CoV-2 is capable of this as well.
A biologist explained the reasons for the appearance of dementia.
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Goloshchkin named the causes of dementia and told about ways to prevent it in an interview with radio Sputnik.
According to WHO data, more than 55 million people are affected by this disease.
The syndrome is characterized by a gradual loss of cognitive functions - over time, the person has difficulty orienting even in a familiar environment.
Golochev noted that the most common causes of dementia are neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, some infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins.
Some factors increase the risk of developing the disease.
That includes hypertension, diabetes, high cholesterol, obesity, depression, and alcoholism.
"At the behavioral level, such factors as social isolation and the absence of active cognitive activity can play a role," he said.
Negative habits such as smoking and excessive alcohol consumption, as well as disrupted sleep patterns and a sedentary lifestyle, also contribute to the development of dementia.
Among the first signs, the expert noted forgetfulness, difficulty concentrating, and a decrease in abstract thinking level.
"There is a discussion that loss of hearing may be an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease or one of the risk factors for its occurrence," the biologist added.
To prevent the onset of the disease, the World Health Organization recommends maintaining an adequate level of cognitive load, training cognitive skills and abilities that require memory and logic involvement.
Previously, the professor of the neurology, neurosurgery, and medical genetics department at RNIMU named after.
N.I. Pirogova, head of the department of cognitive disorders at the Federal Center for Brain and Neurotechnology, Anna Bogolepova, told the reasons for memory problems.
Egypt has returned about 30,000 illegally exported artifacts to the country.
Over the past 10 years, the Egyptian government has managed to return about 30,000 artifacts that were illegally exported from the country through smuggling.
The main inspector of the department of returned antiquities at the Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities in Egypt, Shaaban Abdel Gawad, informed on Saturday, December 11, during the broadcast on the Al-Hayat television channel that the mummy of Pharaoh Ramses II had been found.
Since 2011, the Egyptian government has managed to return 29,300 artifacts.
"Only this year in the Museum of the Bible in Washington was discovered 5,300 ancient Egyptian artifacts," he said.
Abdul Gawad clarified that all artifacts smuggled out of the country are registered in the archives.
The employees of the department are currently working on their return to Egypt.
In particular, experts "track auctions around the world and online sales through foreign and Egyptian websites, as well as social networks."
The main inspector said that upon their return, cultural artifacts are restored and then exhibited in museums.
According to him, one of the returned artifacts was a discovered in Belgium ancient human skeleton, which is now part of the exhibition of the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization in Cairo.
In 2020, Egyptian authorities contacted Interpol to help find a bust of Pharaoh Tutankhamun that was sold at an auction in London.
Christie's auction house held an auction on July 4th, where a bust over 3,000 years old was sold for $5.97 million (about 680 million rubles).
This caused dissatisfaction from Egypt.
The Egyptian side also claims that the artifact was illegally removed from the Karnak Temple in Luxor in the 1970s.
The head of Tutankhamun, depicted in the form of the god Amon, was kept in a private collection and was not exhibited at auctions since 1985.
The way the relic ended up in Europe is unknown.
Egypt has been actively seeking the repatriation of illegally removed antiquities from the country at different times.
According to authorities, 95% of the contraband artifacts are the result of "black diggers" archaeological excavations.
"The Crimean Tatars are not taken into account - and this is correct, because the Crimean Tatars (232 thousand) are a separate people (close to the Turks)."
If you want to add, then only 42 thousand people - so many Tatars (from Kazan) live in Crimea (see the census).
The Crimean Tatars are a separate nation, and the name of this nation consists of two words!
The only thing that unites them is the Turkic language group.
FT: Credit Suisse wants to gain access to employees' personal mobile devices
Credit Suisse is reportedly demanding access to its employees' personal mobile devices, according to the Financial Times.
The issue is that in Europe and the United States, the Swiss bank does not issue corporate devices to its employees, instead offering a discount on the purchase of a mobile phone or smartphone from a telecommunications operator partner.
According to the current rules, the bank can review information on corporate devices issued to its employees, as these devices are used to resolve business issues with colleagues or clients.
The bank reserves the right to check mobile devices in extreme cases, for example, if an employee used it to conduct a meeting with a client that was not approved by Credit Suisse.
Now, after many employees have switched to remote work, the bank wants to extend this rule to all devices used for solving work-related issues.
According to the newspaper, the bank's management has set a final deadline for employees to familiarize themselves with the new rule.
Credit Suisse has not commented on the new requirement officially.
Mattress Sontelle Vivre Dual royal 70x200.
In the center of the Vivre Dual royal mattress is a high-quality and durable block of autonomous springs TFK 18.
Layers of natural coco straw add rigidity, the zonal latex more effectively distributes the load, latex with the addition of Aloe ensures hygiene of the sleeping area, and the relief foam relaxes.
A mattress with symmetrical medium firmness and a height of 30 cm.
The item is delivered packaged in a tight roll and is ready for use immediately after unpacking.
The sheath is made of strong cotton fabric with a ribbon on a comfortable layer.
The fabric of the chessboard doesn't wrinkle or stretch over time.
Part 4
The last year of Sergei Yesenin's life - 1925 - was fruitful in terms of creativity, but was a difficult one for the earthly existence of the poet and his "ego".
He is already outside of any literary associations, he has broken away from imaginism, he is alone, but well-known, in demand, sometimes severely criticized, even maliciously, but the reading public is ready to carry him on their shoulders.
Over the past year, more than 60 poems have been written, many of them true masterpieces, the "Persian motifs" cycle has been completed, the poem "Anna Snegina" has been written, 8 books have been published, and the collection "Soviet Russia" has been issued.
The main success - in the end of June 25th year, Gosizdat signed a contract with Yesenin for the publication of his works in 3 volumes.
None of the modern poets has been so honored as Sergey Alexandrovich, he is the first!
Moreover, this promised very good money - according to the contract, the honorarium was 1000 rubles per month for 20 months (for example, the factory director received 300 rubles per month, the engineer - 200).
The means were needed as never before.
Esenin married the granddaughter of Leo Tolstoy, Sofya Tolstaya, and had to arrange the family life, take care of his sisters Katy and Sasha, as well as his mother.
It seems like life is getting back on track, there's something to be happy about, but for him everything is tinged with dark colors, as if his nightmare from the poem "Black Man" (written in November 1925 and published after his death) has materialized:
My friend, my friend,
I am very, very sick.
I don't know where this pain is from.
Is it the wind that is sighing?
Above the barren and deserted field.
That's how it is, like a tree in September.
Alcohol affects the brain.
Many acquaintances noted that Esenin was heavily drunk, looked terrible, and was clearly ill.
More and more often, there are outbursts of anxiety, nervous breakdowns.
And the cause, probably, is not only in alcoholism...
However, if such a diagnosis - alcoholism - was made to Sergei Alexander by someone, there are no reliable documents left.
Let's say, relating to May 1923, when Yessenin, at the insistence of his fourth wife, the American Isadora Duncan, was improving his health in a clinic under Paris with Professor Pavel Gannushkin (Yessenin would meet him again two years later in Moscow).
And here is the testimony of the poet's feast, scandals on this theme, complaints to the police are enough - scattered in dozens of memoirs.
Since the beginning of the 20s, the terrible romance of the poet with the green snake has been rapidly developing.
In the late summer of 1923, Esenin moved in for a short time to stay with his friend, the impressionist Ivan Starcev.
It's amazing, but Yevtushenko never had his own housing, even though he had very good incomes, he always rented apartments, stayed in hotels or with friends.
The old man remembers:
"He only came to visit at night, and in most cases, he was in an unconscious, drunken state."
Once, while returning home at four in the morning, Esenin fell on the staircase...
Falling, he scratched his face and groaned.
Coming to his senses, he began to cough uncontrollably, spitting out blood all over the sheets...
Yes, even Esenin after his trip to Europe and the United States (where then there was a dry law, but Duncan took with her a proper supply of alcohol) admitted:
"I didn't see anything there, except for cabbages and streets..."
I am already at the end and I have stopped remembering people...
Well, I did drink, yes...
"I drank because I was thirsty."
Pirelli (Пирелли) Scorpion Winter 265/45 R20 108V
The Pirelli Scorpion Winter tire is made of a high-performance blend of rubber and silica, providing long-term effective operation, even tread wear, and durability under load.
The linear drawing of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter protector tire, forming ribs, guarantees low rolling resistance, course stability.
Four deep grooves effectively remove water and dirt from the contact patch of the tire Pirelli Scorpion Winter, suppress skidding and aquaplaning.
Figure skating 3D lamination enhances grip on slippery roads, on snow, and on ice.
Large shackles of the shoulder area increase the transverse bonding of the Pirelli Scorpion Winter tires during maneuvering, enhance traction, reduce braking distance.
Small ditches and bumps retain heat.
Promatex-Orient Duet Latex Econom 100x195 Mattress
Promtex-Orient Duet Latex Econom – a modern execution of a budget model in the premium class line.
The foundation of the mattress is a block of independent double springs Duet.
A softer spring is inserted inside the larger spring.
This allows for evenly distributing the load on the mattress.
The mattress is filled with a filler on both sides - an artificial latex.
This is a natural latex analog, but it is thicker and less expensive.
The elasticity and firmness of this material increase the comfortable effect of the mattress.
Artificial latex is hypoallergenic, meaning it doesn't absorb moisture or dust.
A mattress would be perfect for a pair with a big difference in weight (over 30 kilograms).
There is no effect of wave here, when the light partner slides to the side of the heavy one.
A practical jacquard cotton fabric with a soft touch, the Sense jacket lining is sewn with a layer of synthetic fleece.
Natural fabric does not accumulate static electricity.
It is possible to manufacture this model mattress in a rolled-up version (vacuum packaging).
Now my son is almost 16, and he hasn't been troubled by the desire to smoke for a long time.
All energy is focused on choosing what he will earn for a living.
He is much more responsible than I was in his years or my husband, who had occasional legal problems even before the wedding.
The father takes care of his young daughter.
And he loved, as Lermontov wrote, "strange love."
Why did the girl cry on the exam when she hadn't even failed it yet?
Why didn't he tell his daughter that it's not a school?
She will have a tail.
So what?
He will translate.
Millions of students know this.
What are you talking about?
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Poland believes that Belarus is using migrants as "weapon" against the EU.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Poland believes that Belarus is using migrants as "weapon"
The vice minister of foreign affairs of Poland, Paul Jabłoński, expressed the opinion that President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko used refugees as "weapon" against the European Union and intends to continue this "operation" next year.
The corresponding statement by the deputy head of the MID was made in an interview with the Australian Financial Review newspaper.
According to Yablonsky, sanctions against Belarus temporarily "stopped Lukashenko", but he is "actively seeking new ways".
A Polish official is confident that illegal migrants will be used as weapons "in many parts of the world."
As reported by the website kp.ru, the European Union has introduced a fifth package of sanctions against Belarus.
He contacted 17 physical persons and 11 organizations.
In Europe, they announced their readiness to further expand restrictive measures against the republic, "if the situation in the country does not improve".
Minsk has introduced a food embargo on a wide range of goods from countries that have previously imposed sanctions against Belarus.
A piece of clothing fabric 60x100 cm, spandex, blue color.
To make your clothes last longer, it is necessary to take proper care of them.
Proper storage will allow you to extend the service life and keep the attractive appearance.
Can you help us with this cloth for clothing?
Advantages.
By using a cover for clothing, you significantly save space.
This is especially relevant if you have many things and a small chest.
Fresh and attractive appearance.
More than enough shirts, trousers, and skirts hanging loosely.
Accurate covers allow you to sort your clothes and hide them from prying eyes.
For people who use stands instead of a regular closet - this is the most optimal option.
A dust cover reliably protects clothing from dust, insects, mechanical damage or possible fading.
Does not allow clothing to change shape during long-term storage, prevents the formation of wrinkles.
Special features of trousers for clothing.
A special material will allow your clothes to "breathe".
With careful handling, the service life of such a case is not limited.
They can store not only clothes, but also bedding, pillows, and bed linen.
The "sleeve" is "sealed" using a strong lightning bolt.
Remember!
Prepare things for long-term storage: clean them, shake out the creases.
Choose the optimal size of the cover: things should not bend from below.
It is not recommended to hang several voluminous things in one pocket: they may wrinkle.
If you value order and neatness, cherish your belongings, and want to extend their service life - order a dress cover.
Visit our large catalog and choose an item of the desired color and size at a favorable price!
"Not by Snickers hat": when a velvet jacket makes a man ridiculous
At the 2021 social events, velvet blazers dominated.
I'm sorry, Daniel Craig was the first to announce his new fashion solution.
He appeared at the premiere of the film "It's Not Time to Die" in a velvet malachite jacket and a traditional "bondage" babydoll.
After his example, twice followed Prince William, who first wore an inappropriate green velvet suit to the Earthshot Prize ceremony, and then chose a more classic option for the event in support of the Royal Variety Fund.
A few weeks ago, the trend tried on itself and Lionel Messi.
A soccer player came to pick up the seventh "Golden Ball" in a Dolce & Gabbana silk shirt.
By the way, his sons were dressed in the same way.
AliExpress has noted a growing demand for silk men's shirts in Russia.
According to the data of the analytical service, the number of subscribers to "Gazeta.Ru" increased by 1.4 times.
The most popular types of warm velvet trousers with a lining and a fitted silhouette are dark beige, bordeaux, dark navy, and, of course, black.
The average price of such models is from 3 to 6 thousand rubles. Men prefer to buy exclusively trousers - suits they choose less often.
You can buy them not only from online retailers.
Budget options are available in H&M, Mango, Next, and Zara.
In the luxury pants segment, barathea pants are presented almost in all brands this season - and Brioni, and Paul Smith, and Etro, and Saint Laurent.
The most desired model is the Gucci one in which Jared Leto, the brand's ambassador, appeared at one of the premieres of the "House of Gucci" movie.
When choosing pants from expensive brands, you can be sure that the silk is made from silk.
Thanks to a special weaving technique, a dense fabric with a wavy external texture and a smooth internal side is obtained.
Budget options are made of cotton or polyamide, but they also serve for less.
Fashion expert Ilia Vakushkin from Lamoda warns that with a silk shirt, the main thing is not its model or style, but its appropriateness.
"The velvet requires evening light, so such a jacket is ideal if you are going to a party or a formal event - explains Vakhokin. - It will fit and for those cases when the invitation specifies a dress code "Black Tie" or "Creative Black Tie".
Another important criterion, compliance with which allows making a choice in favor of a velvet jacket, is the status of its buyer.
"A man in a velvet jacket, first and foremost, must acquire the correct advanced etiquette with wealth, - the authors of the Telegram channel "Beautiful Brammel" believe. - Owners of velvet jackets, as a rule, belong to the category of people who rarely buy tickets."
They are simply invited to appropriate social events where the dress code is always specified.
Ilya Vakushkin suggests combining a velvet jacket with similar elegant items: classic trousers with braid, monochromatic shirts, silk ties, loafers with tassels, cufflinks.
"Things that are too simple and everyday will seem out of place."
Fashion experts from "Brammell's Beauty" are sure that it would be inappropriate for a regular soldier to appear in a silk shirt at a corporate event, but if we're talking about a "leader among those who are running this event," then "yes," such an outfit would be appropriate.
If a subordinate's goal is to advance to a higher position in a complex hierarchy of the company or to get financial bonuses, it is better not to wear a silk shirt.
The editors of the Telegram channel believe that the phrase "not to Sennikov's cap" is precisely evaluated by the management.
Very ambiguous feelings from the voice.
This is an unnatural timbre, so artificially stretched.
And it doesn't even remotely associate with a cute face of a young girl.
If I'm honest, I don't understand the admiration of others.
But from the bottom of my heart, I wish you success in life!
It's all about money - alternative energy is well lobbied, meaning it is paid for.
Million-dollar investments.
Are they in sorrow?
No, the price of electricity has increased.
Traditional energy sources are not in demand - gas, oil, and coal are being sold cheaper than they were bought.
There is a wild demand for fuel.
A penny drops.
And who was in the air at that time?
As usual - a regular buyer.
Do the problems of the Indians touch the sheriff?
Therefore, it would be wrong for Western politicians to consider those who have "escaped" the energy crisis as idiots.
They did their job.
For a good salary.
I didn't see any beautiful people in the photos in the article.
Simply mediocrity within the framework of average passengers.
Perhaps, if such people are so confident in their beauty that they decide to show it on the entire train, then they will not be approached by such people, most likely.
But only because of mental disorder and ignorance of such "beauties (-esses)", and not because of their appearance.
Kazbek, "a slave who recognizes his slave status and struggles against it, is a revolutionary."
A slave who does not recognize his slavery and is content with a quiet, unconscious, and voiceless life of slavery is simply a slave.
A slave who sweats when he describes the delights of slave life and exults in a good and kind master is a slave, a ham.
An immunologist said that vaccination every 4-5 months will help protect against the "Omicron" strain of the coronavirus.
Vaccination four to five months after the first dose may protect against the new strain of the coronavirus infection "omicron".
Such a statement was made by immunologist Nikolai Kryuchkov, who called the six-month vaccination "a very long period."
"The previous standards were normal, but now it's better to conduct the procedure within five months, and for people with chronic diseases, it's better to do it within four months," the expert said, calling for a parallel vaccination campaign with revaccination.
Kryuchkov also noted that early vaccination ensures a good titer of neutralizing antibodies.
"If a person has received two vaccinations and a booster, or has recovered and been vaccinated, or has been vaccinated and recovered, then he has a "hybrid immunity," meaning he has many antibodies that are neutralizing enough," explained the expert."
"The Big Seven" warned Russia of "massive consequences" in case of an invasion of Ukraine.
The countries of the "Big Seven" (United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Canada, United States, France, and Japan) have published a statement following the meeting of their foreign ministers in Liverpool.
The document emphasizes that "military aggression" by Russia against Ukraine will have "enormous consequences and will be costly" to Moscow, but specific measures are not described in the document.
"We, the foreign ministers of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and the High Representative of the European Union, are united in our condemnation of the increase in Russia's military power and aggressive rhetoric towards Ukraine," - it is said in the statement.
The ministers are calling on Russia to "relax the escalation, use diplomatic channels and observe its international obligations regarding transparency of military activities," which President Biden mentioned during a video call with President Putin on December 7.
"We confirm our support for the efforts of France and Germany in the Normandy format to achieve full implementation of the Minsk agreements with the aim of regulating the conflict in eastern Ukraine," the foreign ministers of the "Big Seven" countries also said.
Any use of force for changing borders is strictly prohibited by international law.
Russia should not doubt that further military aggression against Ukraine will have enormous consequences and a serious price in response," they warn.
We confirm our unwavering commitment to the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, as well as the right of any sovereign state to determine its own future.
We welcome the restrained position of Ukraine.
"We will intensify our cooperation in our common and comprehensive response," - it is also said in the statement.
Earlier today, the head of British diplomacy Elizabeth Truss said that Russia would face "serious consequences" in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
According to her, this meeting showed "a unified voice of the 'Big Seven' countries, whose share of the world's GDP is 50%, and who very clearly understand that the invasion of Ukraine will have enormous consequences for Russia."
The Pfizer vaccine was found to be 32 times less effective against the omicron strain.
The efficacy of Pfizer-BioNTech's vaccine against the omicron strain of the coronavirus is 32 times lower than against other types of the disease.
Scientists from the University of Hong Kong and the Chinese University of Hong Kong have reached such a conclusion, according to South China Morning Post (SCMP).
The vaccine was considered less effective based on a study of antiviral activity in citizens who received two doses of the COVID-19 vaccine.
"We see that most people had a high level of antiviral activity against the original Sars-CoV-2 variant, but this ability was significantly reduced against the omicron variant," said Professor Malik Payris.
At the same time, scientists emphasized that vaccination remains the most reliable way to protect against severe course of the disease caused by the coronavirus.
Earlier, scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine forecasted the development of a pandemic of the coronavirus, taking into account the impact on it of the omicron strain.
The authors of the study concluded that the omicron strain may cause a new wave of virus circulation and an increase in mortality if additional measures are not taken.
The head of the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense accused Germany of blocking the delivery of NATO weapons to Kiev.
The head of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine, Alexei Reznikov, accused the government of the former German Chancellor Angela Merkel of blocking the acquisition of lethal weapons by Kiev within NATO.
In an interview with the Financial Times on December 12, Reznik reminded that in the past month, Germany has imposed a veto on the purchase of Ukraine's anti-sniper systems and rifles for the destruction of drones.
It is noted that later Berlin softened its position regarding rifles, recognizing them as non-lethal weapons.
According to the Minister of Defense, Kyiv intends to acquire the mentioned weapons within the framework of bilateral agreements with allies.
In particular, the countries mentioned are the United States, Great Britain, Lithuania, and France.
Meanwhile, FT notes that the position of the new German government under Chancellor Olaf Scholz regarding the authorization of arms supplies to Ukraine remains unclear.
The Ukrainian ambassador to Germany, Andriy Melnyk, expressed the opinion that Kiev should not wait for deliveries of weapons from Berlin under Chancellor Scholz.
According to him, the previous German government explained their refusal to provide weapons to the risk of developing a military escalation of the conflict in Donbass, despite the "occupation of Russia" of part of Ukrainian territory.
The diplomat is sure that Germany will maintain the same "illogical" position under the new chancellor.
In August, Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky said that Kiev expects help from Berlin in equipping a naval fleet.
The president of Ukraine said that Germany will be Ukraine's partner in the technical sense.
It was also noted that this spring, the co-chairman of the "green" party in Germany, Robert Habek, visited the republic, where he called for the sale of Kiev's defensive weapons to Ukraine.
Sergey NOSEV 2, no, bad vision, no matter what.
"Should 'I' be used instead of 'Е'?"
Passing a large number of commas?
Here's the corrected sentence: "Вот и пишИте вместо пишЕте."
No, you are not a literate person.
And for a philologist, it is shameful.
Game set "Fishing": e/f light, sound, in the complete set, 2 rods, 5 fishing figures, base 3AAA not included, core.
An electric fishing rod for children - a fun and useful toy for a child's development.
While playing, the child will be training the fine motor skills of their hands, developing dexterity, precision, and attention.
Turn on the toy, and 5 miniature fish will start swimming actively around the imitation pond to the cheerful melody.
The task of the child is to catch them all on a hook!
You can play alone or in pairs: the set includes 2 balls.
The toy works from 3 AA batteries at 1.5 V (not included in the set).
The size of the game field (DhShhV) is 21x17x4 cm.
The product is made of plastic.
Recommended age: 3 years +
Moscow has named the winners of the Arsenyev Prize - Russian newspaper
A grand ceremony of awarding the winners of the third season of the All-Russian literary prize "Dal'n
V. K. Arsenyev passed in Moscow.
According to the information on the page of the prize in Instagram, a total of 89 applications have been received by the organizing committee this season.
63 people were selected.
The leaders in the number of submitted works are the Primorsky and Khabarovsk regions - 13 and 11 applications, respectively.
More than 60 works were nominated for the prize in three categories: "Long prose", "Short prose", "Prose for children".
Nine works have made it to the shortlist - three in each category.
The winner in the "Long Prose" nomination was Alexander Filkin (Primorye Territory) with the book "Inscription on the Gospel".
The award was presented to the winner by Vice Premier - authorized representative of the President of the Russian Federation in the DFO, Yuri Trutnev.
In the "Short Prose" nomination, the best was recognized Love Bebakh (Sakhalin region) with the work "Whisper of the Night Rain".
She received the award from the hands of the Minister of the Russian Federation for the Development of the Far East and the Arctic, Alexei Chekunkov.
In the "Children's Prose" nomination, the laureate was Baykalian writer Nina Belomestnova and her "Golden Thread".
The author awarded the screenwriter, writer, candidate of philological sciences and chairman of the jury of the Prize Andrei Geleshov.
All winners will receive 500,000 rubles.
Just a reminder, within the "Dal'nij Vostok" prize, the authors of the best works on the topic of the Far East are awarded.
The main task of the prize is not only to reward winners and tell about contemporary authors, but also to attract cultural interest to the Far East as a priority area of development in the 21st century.
The works that can be submitted for the competition include novels, short stories, collections of short stories or novellas, as well as documentary prose and memoirs.
The author's place of residence is not important, what matters is writing in the Russian language.
The official website of the prize: <https://premiarasenyeva.rf/>.
Sculpture, d=22 cm, with handle, dark marble color, 4278884.
The Kukmara "marble" dish is made of cast aluminum and covered with an innovative anti-fingerprint marble coating on a water-based basis, reinforced with super-hard mineral particles.
The peculiarities of the "Marmornaia" series of dishes.
The significant thickness of the walls and bottom excludes deformation of the body, guarantees durability, and provides the necessary strength of the coating.
High-strength anti-glare marble coating on a water-based basis reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Environmentally safe anti-fouling coating without the presence of PFOA (perfluorocarbonic acid).
Ideal distribution of heat throughout the entire surface of the pot, long-term retention of heat.
The possibility of using a minimum amount of fat.
Anti-glare mosaic coating is applied using a method that guarantees exclusive durability of the coating during operation.
Small scratches and minor imperfections on the surface of the kazan do not affect the properties of the anti-stick coating and the durability of the pot.
Products do not burn and retain their taste.
The possibility of preparing delicious and healthy food without adding oil, like on hot stones.
Enlarged bottom to 6 mm.
High thermal conductivity and ergonomics.
The ease of cleaning.
Suitable for all types of plates, except inductive.
You can wash in a dishwasher.
The wall consists of 6 layers, the inner coating is called "marble".
High-strength, anti-glare coating based on water, reinforced with ultra-hard mineral particles.
Enhanced soil layer.
A layer with a rough surface for better adhesion of the coating.
An aluminum body with a thickness of up to 6 mm.
External anti-glare coating - "marble".
The Kukmara pot will allow you to turn an ordinary cooking process into a pleasant and easy activity for any housewife.
I made a similar redesign a long time ago.
Combined the dining room with the kitchen.
A three-room apartment.
Was.
Yes, the project, permission, new technical passport, all according to the law.
In the porch they made a bookshelf and a large wardrobe.
They laid the door to the kitchen, and a lot of space was formed.
For almost 10 years of living in this apartment, we have never regretted our decision.
Instead of a bath, they installed a curved shower cabin.
I regret this a hundred times!
I only recently understood that I love rum.
But the beautiful world of romance I have not yet opened for myself, except for "Bakaradi" and "Captain Morgan".
What else would you recommend, and from where can one start this beautiful acquaintance?
I also have a cold.
I will not do the dishes.
Arrived in the Black Sea region for "reabilitation".
Only with the weather didn't work out...
"Домики красивые, но нормальные птицы не будут селиться в ярких домиках, ибо те привлекают много внимания, спросите орнитологов."
Plus paint and other chemical compounds will repel feathers.
Only natural materials and natural colors.
Thank you, I will definitely try.
And where is Japan in all of this?
Thank you for the recipe.
What kind of apples should be used for this recipe?
This is really tasty.
I add a little bit of chopped parsley and a green apple.
Try it.
Recently, a zombie said that the production of cars is experiencing an unprecedented shortage of semiconductors.
A table appeared on the screen, showing which country produces what percentage of these semiconductors (presumably microcontrollers).
Russia was not in this list.
Here it is!
In the USA, with their high working force, it is profitable, while in Russia, it is not profitable!
My stepmother used to scold me.
I'm sorry, she's not with us.
If I had seen her better, everything could have been different.
But besides hatred, scandals, and intrigues, there's nothing to remember particularly.
I'm sorry for her, she lived her life in anger.
"Mercedes" filed a protest against the result of the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi.
The German team "Mercedes", whose pilot Lewis Hamilton finished second behind the "Red Bull" driver Max Verstappen in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, has filed a protest against the final result of the race, according to the press service of Formula 1.
"Mercedes" believes that during the race, the rules of "Formula 1" 48.12 and 48.8 were violated.
In the first case, the German team disputes the decision of the judges to return the lap leaders to the field in one lap.
According to the second - Fershtappen overtook Hamilton to the "restart" zone.
We will add that the result of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, according to which Verstappen beat Hamilton by 2.256 seconds and won the "Formula 1" world championship, are preliminary, as the consideration of Mercedes' protests is unknown.
The G7 has warned Russia of its responsibility for the invasion of Ukraine.
The foreign ministers of the G7 countries have warned of "serious consequences" for Russia if she continues her military aggression against Ukraine, as stated in the final statement of the parties.
The participants of the meeting also noted that they condemn the strengthening of the Russian armed forces near the country's borders.
"There should be no doubt in Russia that further military aggression against Ukraine will have serious consequences and serious costs," says a statement published on the website of the British government.
The ministers of the G7 countries and the EU's high representative noted that they are "united in their condemnation of Russian military build-up and aggressive rhetoric towards Ukraine".
The head of the British MID, Elizabeth Truss, warned at a press conference in Liverpool about "significant consequences" for Russia in the event of an invasion of Ukraine.
We clearly stated that any invasion would have significant consequences...
The G7 countries want Russia to refuse aggression towards Ukraine, said the source (quote from TASS).
At the summit in Liverpool, the foreign ministers of the G7 countries agreed that it is necessary to return to the negotiating table to resolve the crisis caused by the buildup of Russian troops on the border with Ukraine.
The talks were about negotiations in the "normandy format".
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has also expressed its readiness for a dialogue on Ukraine in the "Normandy format".
Russian Foreign Ministry representative Maria Zakharova said that when calling on Russia and Ukraine to return to the negotiating table, the G7 countries "scheduled themselves for inability to take responsibility for their own mistakes."
The Homsu Diamond belt.
The Diamond belt bag is perfect for sports, traveling, or just for walks.
It's comfortable to take with you, it's spacious, made of durable and lightweight fabric.
The main department opens with a bolt of lightning, which can be done effortlessly even while walking.
A stylish and bright design will suit those ladies who really have a refined taste in accessories.
The bag has a universal size of 19x12x7 cm and a belt length of 40 to 60 cm, thanks to which various things can be placed in it, from a passport to a mobile phone.
The material allows for easy removal of the waist belt using various household means.
For convenience, you can use a special regulator of the size of the strap.
Revealed ways to return stolen money through online stores
There are several ways to return money stolen through online stores and not become a victim of fraud in the future.
Experts in information security have revealed to RBK that they have been hacked.
Yes, to reduce the risk of large losses when bank card data falls into the hands of criminals, it is recommended to store the main funds on the card or bank account that are not used for online shopping.
A part of the savings can be deposited on a savings account and withdrawn as needed.
Experts also recommend starting a separate card for purchases in the network.
If money was stolen during purchases in stores that do not use 3D Secure protection technology, you can initiate a procedure for returning funds.
"Within the rules established by payment systems, responsibility for unauthorized transactions conducted without the use of 3D Secure is borne by the party in the settlement chain who does not use this service," - clarified a representative of Promsvyazbank.
Arthur Zaremba, an expert from international payment provider Ecommpay, emphasized that the buyer has the right to file a complaint with the bank to challenge a fraudulent operation within 120 days after the purchase.
In addition, if the criminal used a card on online resources that do not require two-factor authentication, the transaction can be disputed and the money returned.
It is noted that in some cases, online stores return the money to the customer if the order has not yet been sent to delivery.
On November 19, the member of the Public Chamber, the director of the League of Safe Internet, Yekaterina Mizulina, reported that only in 2021, 11,000 appeals were received on various cases of fraud: from the sale of fake documents to the theft of personal data.
According to her, an effective solution under current circumstances could be the creation of a single window for complaints about online scammers.
Scholz arrived in Poland to discuss "Northern Stream-2" and EU legislation.
The newly elected chancellor of Germany, Olaf Scholz, has arrived in Warsaw for talks on the migration crisis at the Belarusian border, the independence of the judiciary in Poland, the increase in Russian troops near the Ukrainian border, and the situation with the Russian gas pipeline "Northern Stream-2".
Although Scholz declared his desire to maintain good relations between Germany and Poland for a long time, the leaders of the two countries expressed unambiguous expectations of each other.
The Prime Minister of Poland, Mateusz Morawiecki, announced that he will be calling on Scholz to speak out against "Northern Stream-2," which envisages delivering Russian gas to Germany bypassing Ukraine.
According to Moravetsky, Russia can use the gas pipeline against Europe as a means of political pressure.
In turn, Germany supported the efforts of Poland to stop the flow of migrants trying to enter the country from Belarus.
Berlin announced that it will help Warsaw and Brussels in resolving this crisis.
However, the judicial system of Poland remains one of the causes of disagreements.
The European Court has fined Poland, establishing that the judicial reforms carried out by the right-wing party "Law and Justice" violate EU legislation.
Poland refused to pay a fine, and its highest court ruled that national legislation has priority over EU rules.
The new German government, sworn in on Wednesday, despite the demands of Poland and the United States, did not take public commitments to stop the operation "Nord Stream-2" in case of a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
American officials told members of Congress that they have reached an understanding with Germany about stopping the gas pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, according to a high-ranking Congressional staff member on Tuesday.
German official sources have not confirmed these messages, but Scholz warned on Wednesday about the consequences if Russia violates the border of Ukraine, and this position was confirmed by representatives of the "Big Seven" on Sunday.
"Dmitry, look more attentively."
The view outside the window is the same, the size of the window has not changed.
They removed the wall between the kitchen and the room, so partially visible is the second window.
And those who are not familiar with the initial planning doubt.
And I know very well such apartments and I see very well how they are replanned.
Let everything be fine with them.
It always surprises me when they write about means to clean the bathtub, toilet, sink, faucets.
You eat them once a year at Easter, don't you? It's a shame to have to wash them straight away.
Just don't let yourself get polluted.
Minciframes wants to give writers residences.
The future Fund for supporting Russian writers will receive federal property left over from the legacy of the Union of Soviet Writers and the Literary Fund of the USSR.
The basis for the writer's residencies will be created on it, reported "Parliamentary Gazette" in the Ministry of Culture, which will become the founder of the fund.
Mincifry is preparing a project for a presidential decree on the creation of a Foundation for supporting Russian writers.
The explanatory note clarifies that the fund will be responsible for taking care of, including the targeted use and preservation of buildings and structures that once belonged to the Soviet Union Writers' Union and the Literary Fund.
"A significant amount of immovable property, previously owned by the Literary Fund of the USSR, has been transferred to the ownership of the Russian Federation, including objects located in the writer's town of Peredelkino, the Komarovo settlement in the Leningrad region, and other objects," the newspaper "Parliamentary Gazette" reported in the press service of the Ministry of Finance.
The project charter requires reflecting in the Fund's statutes that it is "created for the purpose of promoting literary activity by creating necessary conditions for the creative work of writers."
"Under 'creating conditions for creative activity' is meant the creation of writer's residencies in different regions of Russia on the basis of transferred property, where there would be comfortable conditions for creativity," explained the Ministry of Culture to our publication.
520 rubles for one tomato?
"Сырная лепешка - это в прямом смысле пласт теста из упаковки за 550 рублей."
3 pieces of fish in a minuscule for 570…
No, it looks good, tastes good, but the price is simply inadequate.
On the Belarusian, it seems that the rich people are all gathered together.
Doctors have warned of the danger of prolonged use of blood-thinning medications after COVID-19 and before vaccination.
Doctors Irina Yarceva and Sergey Tokarev warned of the danger of uncontrolled use of blood-clotting medications after COVID-19 infection and before vaccination against COVID-19.
Doctor-therapist, immunologist Irina Yarceva said that independent prophylaxis of possible thrombus formation after COVID-19 can cause a stroke.
Yarceva explained that blood-stimulating medications are not intended for everyone, only if the patient has been hospitalized, is in the hospital, and has complications.
A doctor prescribes anticoagulants (blood-thinning medications that prevent excessive formation of blood clots) based on indications.
She told me that there is currently a panic - everyone is taking anticoagulants one after another and getting complications in the form of hemorrhagic strokes (brain hemorrhage).
The main preventive specialist of the Urals Federal District, the scientific director of the Society of Specialists in Preventive Medicine, Dr. of Medical Sciences Sergei Tokarev in a conversation with URA.RU said that Russians now often use anticoagulants chaotically and before vaccination against coronavirus infection.
According to Dr. Tokarev's words, citizens believe in doubtful advice on the Internet and start self-treatment.
There are such citizens who, a week before vaccination, start taking anticoagulants on their own initiative.
And during the preliminary examination before the vaccination, doctors may notice blood clots.
He emphasized that it is extremely dangerous to take any medication without determining the cause of the appearance of any symptom.
Potatoes are called a superfood for protecting against hypertension.
Studies have shown that regular consumption of this common and accessible vegetable can significantly reduce the risk of developing diseases of the cardiovascular system.
Potatoes are found in every kitchen and have amazing properties.
The product is rich in vitamins and microelements that promote the work of internal organs.
He helps with heart diseases by improving blood circulation and reducing cholesterol levels, according to the portal Semana.
Today's diseases of the heart are the main cause of early mortality in humans.
To improve the situation, it is not only necessary to treat, but also to eat correctly.
One of the helpers in such a situation will be a regular potato.
According to scientists, this root vegetable contains a lot of vitamins B1, B3, B6, as well as an important vitamin C for the body.
In addition, potatoes contain phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, as well as riboflavin, folic acid, and pantothenic acid.
Microelements help effectively work all internal systems of the organism.
In addition to everything else, the root of the plant fights against natural aging processes in the body, contains a lot of useful for the digestive system mucous membrane.
It may become a prophylaxis for atherosclerosis and hypertension when used regularly.
I had such a case.
A lady came to see the apartment.
I came from another city to show it to her.
The advertisement had detailed photos and descriptions of the apartment.
She was extremely disappointed because there was no "delicious" cuisine and "beautiful" balcony.
Auntie, it's obvious that nothing is being done, just look at her, she's watching other people's apartments, and people are wasting their time.
About 145,000 teenagers have been vaccinated with the first component of COVID-19 in Kazakhstan.
Information has been published on vaccinating teenagers, pregnant and breastfeeding women against COVID-19 in Kazakhstan, reports MIA "Kazinform" with a link to MVK on the prevention of COVID-19 spread.
Twenty people died from coronavirus and pneumonia in a day in Kazakhstan. There are 85 people in extremely critical condition with coronavirus - Ministry of Health of the Republic of Kazakhstan. Most regions of Kazakhstan are in the "green zone" for coronavirus.
According to data as of December 11, 2021, the Pfizer vaccine has been administered to: the first component - 181,037 people, the second component - 14,580 people.
From the first dose: adolescents - 144,613, pregnant women - 10,645, lactating women - 25,779.
Second dose: teenagers - 10 690, pregnant women - 1 141, lactating women - 2 749.
The plumber who found money in the wall of the church will be paid 20,000 dollars.
A plumber who found money in the wall of a church in the American state of Texas will be rewarded.
This information is provided in a press release from the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston.
The incident occurred in a large evangelical church in Lakewood, where Pastor Joel Austin preaches, promising devout Christians wealth and prosperity.
In November 2021, plumber Justin Kowalski was repairing one of the church's toilets and discovered thousands of packages with money and checks hidden under the insulation.
He passed the discovery to the church and, according to his words, did not even receive thanks from Austin.
"I wanted to hear how he would say: "You know, Justin, you did it right."
"We understand that you have done and what you could do," - quotes him KPRC-TV.
It seems that the find is related to a theft that occurred in the Lakewood Church seven years ago.
Then about 200,000 dollars in cash and 400,000 dollars in the form of checks were lost, which were stored in the church safe.
The money was insured, so the church did not suffer any losses.
Nevertheless, a reward of 25,000 dollars was announced for information about the criminals.
Justin Cowell couldn't claim this amount because the term of the reward had already expired.
Despite this, the non-profit organization Crime Stoppers of Houston, which previously offered a reward of $5,000 and later received an additional $20,000 from the Lakewood Church, decided to reward honesty of a plumber.
He will receive 20 thousand dollars.
Earlier it was reported that the police questioned Pastor Joel Austin about the money found in the wall of the Lakewood Church.
Tanya, her statements, her actions - this is what characterizes her as a "real person".
Therefore, her attitude towards him is negative.
And the thing is not that "she is financially significantly wealthier than all the writers", as it is written here.
There are people who are richer, but not all of them behave so arrogantly, so provocatively, like this madam.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Soft Cocos 1, size 190x190.
Soft Cocos 1 spring orthopedic mattress.
The basis is a block TFK (256 springs per square meter).
Independent springs promote the proper distribution of the load.
As a filler, coconut fiber (a material made from coconut palm fibers) is used.
Between the filler and the spring block are placed layers of felt.
Both sides of the mattress are above the average firmness.
Jacquard fabric is a type of fabric that is woven with a pattern or design. It is typically made from a blend of cotton and polyester, with the cotton content usually being around 5% and the polyester content being 95%. The term "Jacquard" comes from the name of the French weaver, Joseph-Marie Jacquard, who invented the Jacquard loom in the early 19th century. This loom allowed for the creation of intricate patterns and designs in fabrics, and the term "Jacquard" has since become synonymous with high-quality, decorative fabrics.
The density of the tissue is 116 g/m².
Again, simply and deliciously.
I was looking for recipes with chicken on your website.
We were given chicken.
They raised her in their household.
She weighs more than four kilograms.
I want to cook it tastier.
I want to find a recipe for chicken cooked in beer.
Have you tried that?
Somehow, I trust you more than just following recipes "from the Internet".
A new case of bird flu virus infection in China has been confirmed.
A new case of human infection with the highly pathogenic H5N6 bird flu virus has been reported in China.
The radio station RTHK reported on this with a link to an announcement by the Hong Kong health authorities, as reported by TASS.
A 68-year-old resident of the Huicheng District in the southern Guangdong Province was infected with a disease. The man kept chickens at home.
His condition is assessed by doctors as critical.
The first human infection with the H5N6 virus was reported in May 2014 in the southwestern province of Sichuan, China.
Since then, the number of such cases in the country has reached 53.
In Brazil, citizens are required to present vaccination certificates upon entering the country.
In Brazil, it is now mandatory to require COVID-19 vaccine certificates from those entering the country. This decision was made by Judge Luis Roberto Barroso of the Federal Supreme Court (STF) in Brazil.
According to CNN Brasil.
Citizens who have contraindications to vaccination are exempt from vaccination upon presentation of a certificate of vaccination.
Also, the list of exclusions includes people who have arrived from countries where there is evidence of the absence of vaccination.
"The situation is even more serious if you consider that Brazil is a popular tourist destination for holding New Year's, pre-Lenten and Carnival parties, as well as other events, which implies an increase in tourist flow," - noted Barroso.
Earlier, the authorities of Brazil required unvaccinated tourists arriving from COVID-19 infection to observe a five-day quarantine.
The scheme for full protection against COVID-19 has been revealed.
Virus expert, Dr. of Medical Sciences, and a well-deserved scientist of Russia, Anatoly Altshtein, in a conversation with Ura.ru revealed a scheme for complete protection from coronavirus infection.
According to him, this can be achieved by introducing an injection and applying a nasal vaccine.
When used internationally, a large amount of immunoglobulin A is formed. When the vaccine is administered by injection, this does not occur.
Antibodies A protect the mucous membrane, so the virus cannot penetrate the body.
And inside, after vaccination, we produce the most immunoglobulin G (antibodies).
"And if you take both vaccines, you will get a lot of immunoglobulins A and G. But there is no decision yet on double vaccination," the medic said.
The main preventive specialist of the Urals Federal District, Dr. of Medical Sciences Sergei Tokarev, in turn, said that the main advantage of using nasal vaccination together with injection vaccination is the ability to stop being a carrier of COVID-19.
He added that this would help, as in such a case the protection of the organism, presumably, should become maximal.
The former Minister of Health of the Nizhny Novgorod region, David Melik-Guseynov, said that the spread of the new wave of the COVID-19 pandemic among children will lead to the spread of a new coronavirus infection.
According to him, such a picture is observed in other countries where the next wave of the pandemic arrived earlier.
Inna, hmm...
I used to talk to a stallion (he died a long time ago) like this - if you're willing to trade a warm home, feed, affection, love, and games for a puddle of manure, then go ahead.
But the sparrow was a trained and generally clever bird.
He chose my society and went home.
On the video, there is a technique that works in 90% of cases.
Trust me, it's not from the ceiling.
I many owners slowed down, so the dog wouldn't run away, although they said it was theirs, 200,000 run away (pomskis), I took the dog by the hand and led it to the other side.
In the end, "200 thousand" was chosen by the owner, not the dog that ran somewhere.
Mass protests against vaccination continue in Europe.
In the Austrian capital Vienna, more than forty thousand demonstrators took to the streets.
They expressed dissatisfaction with the restrictive measures and plans of the authorities to make vaccination against COVID-19 mandatory.
Starting from February of next year, unvaccinated people will have to pay a fine of 3,600 euros.
Spaniards, outraged by the policies of the government in the field of healthcare, held a peaceful march in Madrid.
Some held placards with the inscription "This is a false pandemic", "I will not be vaccinated."
A large protest against health passes took place in Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia.
In the autonomous community, a COVID-19 certificate is mandatory for access to bars, restaurants, sports halls, nursing homes, and nighttime entertainment venues.
The decision to introduce sanitary passports was taken by the authorities of several regions of the country amid the increase in the number of cases of infection with the coronavirus.
In Luxembourg, more than a thousand manifestants protested against the tightening of restrictive measures and QR codes.
The action began peacefully, but then escalated into clashes with the police.
A group of demonstrators began throwing stones at the police.
In response, police officers used water cannons.
Nikolai S. even on this topic there is no unanimous opinion in Wikipedia.
Kashcheva-Rudneva is also marked as "the first Russian doctor of medicine," probably because she started studying earlier.
Why don't we just not argue, I think they both deserve this title.
Only one agrees with Zakharova: Americans bring only death and looting to any country where they appear.
Mattress Lonax Cocos TFK 130x185.
A symmetrical mattress made of natural coco coir on a spring block TFK.
The mattress is firm, surrounded by two layers of natural cocoa on both sides.
The core of the mattress is a block of independent springs TFK.
Independent springs contribute to the proper distribution of the load, help the body to take on its natural shape.
The natural cocoa is hypoallergenic, hygienic, with excellent air circulation.
A natural leather case - thick, durable, pleasant to the touch.
It's sad and difficult to grow old alone, but it's inevitable, unfortunately.
It's very sad when you read about it.
A person should live as long as they can take care of themselves and not be a burden to anyone.
To all health.
The WHO has detected the "omicron" variant in more than 60 countries.
The World Health Organization (WHO) announced that the new strain of coronavirus "Omicron" has been detected in 63 countries.
A row of experts are already saying that the spread of this new strain may have catastrophic consequences.
According to the pace of spreading the strain, reported in the message of the WHO.
According to the organization's data as of December 9, the strain has been identified in 63 countries, in all six regions of the WHO.
That is, he became actively spreading only at the end of November.
The WHO also expresses concern about the high rate of spread of the new coronavirus variant.
Experts from the World Health Organization (WHO) have expressed concern that the new strain may surpass the degree of spread of the "delta" strain, also known as the Indian variant of the coronavirus, which currently leads in all countries without exception.
Before that, Tedros Adhanom Gebreyesus, the general director of the World Health Organization, said that the omicron strain can have a significant impact on the course of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Similar conclusions have also been reached in the United Kingdom.
Experts from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) believe that "omicron" will replace "delta" in the coming months.
The number of those infected only in Britain will amount to about 1 million. This is despite the fact that officially "omicron" is currently being diagnosed in the Kingdom in several hundred people, and according to estimates, up to 10,000.
British experts predict tens of thousands of deaths from the "Omicron" strain, and at its peak, hospitals will be admitting more than 2,000 people per day.
What the British healthcare system will not be able to handle.
The situation is complicated by the fact that according to the latest research, the effectiveness of Pfizer-BioNTech's vaccine against the "omicron" strain is 32 times lower than that of other types of the disease.
It is not yet known how the Russian "Sputnik V" will react to the "Omicron" variant - this will become clear in the next few weeks.
The Gamaleya Center has only just started testing the Russian vaccine on the "omicron" strain.
Why do we need to see the stages of aging?
It would be better to see the execution of your exercises in more detail.
I don't understand the first exercise, how to do it: sitting on your feet or standing on your knees, as written, but how then to lean your arms on your hips?
Or hands on the waist?
Interesting Whitey, you're right, communication on the Internet is completely different, people communicate easily and unpretentiously, but when meeting in person, they can't say anything.
Well, to see a person in real life, it's possible that it's not what you expected, it didn't grab you - from there and the relationship.
When he meets his man, then the views will change.
And again, the Soviet time is called "the time of devils".
So people believed in God much more honestly than today.
Yes, they were raised practically according to God's laws (love for one's neighbor, not stealing, etc.).
What is the ideology of today - money at any cost.
There is no such thing as a "Globe of Faith", but even if there were, the time of beasts has already come in the 90s...
Our Petersburg, more precisely Leningrad, communal apartment with Big Zelenina still supports communication.
Yes, we are not the closest friends, but we try to maintain a warm relationship of the older generation.
Maybe it's related to the fact that there were no foreigners in the apartment, the rooms were not rented out, and the blockade brotherhood was never canceled.
Unfortunately, we see ourselves more and more at funerals.
Lara Angelskaya, get out of here!
Human babies, especially of the male sex, are strong, active, energetic, and playful, just like their "little brothers" in the natural world!
The only thing I'm sorry about is that they're not as soft as kittens or puppies, so bruises, bumps, scratches - it's all usual, but no boomerang!
So what?
Did the brother push, without calculating his strength?
And you're always so cunning, that you never accidentally hurt anyone and never injured yourself?
Mattress SkySleep Wave Space BS 150x185 cm.
The Bonell Wave Space BS spring mattress has a moderate firmness on both sides.
The comfortable layers of the mattress are a combination of cocoa particles and artificial latex with a relief surface - ErgoFoam.
A cotton fabric cheesecloth, made of jacquard weaving.
She is strong, durable, and good at air circulation, without hindering the ventilation of the mattress.
A softness is added to the synthetic leather when it is polished with a cloth.
A practical mattress for the bedroom.
The kiwi fruit has anti-microbial properties, it is hard and evenly distributes the weight that falls on it.
An artificial latex with cellular cutting surface provides a mattress with a micro-massage effect.
Durable materials, reliable construction.
A Bonney block, where springs are connected to each other, is characterized by reliability and can withstand large loads. It is well suited for couples with a small weight difference.
The perimeter of the mattress is reinforced with a cornice made of PPU - it extends the service life of the mattress, protects the springs from deformation at the edges.
Prime Minister of Israel Bennett announced the start of vaccination in schools.
The Israeli Ministry of Health is starting an emergency program to increase vaccination from Sunday.
Vaccination against COVID-19 is being carried out in schools throughout Israel since this morning, December 12th.
Prime Minister of the Jewish state, Naftali Bennett, announced today at the cabinet meeting that the issue of vaccinating the fourth dose of citizens who are at risk will also be studied.
Mass vaccination of the Israeli population against COVID-19 began on December 20, 2020.
Israelis are being vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine.
Since January 10th of last year, vaccinated individuals have been receiving their second dose.
Vaccination of 12-15 year olds in this country started at the beginning of June this year.
Currently, more than 5.78 million people have received both doses of the vaccine, and over 4.12 million citizens have received the third dose.
Anna Gauer, well, maybe a flea won't crawl onto the trap, it's PAUKOOBRAZNY, as Lyalya expressed it.
In any case, I don't see any fleas.
But I'm curious, and suddenly it's there?
I need to give him something else to tempt him.
Children's mattress Dimax Genie 70x190
A children's two-sided mattress made of natural latex and natural coco coir on an independent spring block EVS500.
A children's mattress made of latex and coconut fibers on an independent spring block.
Natural latex - a soft, elastic material, eco-friendly, hypoallergenic, with excellent properties, making sleep as comfortable as possible.
With a soft mattress on the reverse side, made of natural coconut fiber and latex.
The core of the mattress is a block of independent springs.
Springs distribute the load as evenly as possible over the surface of the mattress, supporting the body in a natural position.
A great option for schoolchildren and teenagers.
The case is made of poly cotton.
The material is strong, durable, and resistant to wear.
In Brazil, as a result of the flood, seven people died.
At least seven people were killed and 175 were injured as a result of powerful rainstorms that hit the northeastern Brazilian state of Bahia and the neighboring Minas Gerais.
According to TASS, citing rescue services.
An extratropical cyclone is raging at the border of these states from Wednesday midweek, resulting in an accumulation of 450 mm of rainfall in the region. In 25 municipalities of the state of Bahia, a state of emergency has been declared, and in some of them, floods have become the most destructive in the last 35 years.
Several bridges and two river dams were destroyed by the storm, traffic is blocked on three routes.
According to the data of the rescuers, about 5,700 people were left without a roof, and another 6,700 had to leave their homes.
The damage from the storm affected more than 85,000 people in the region.
Nika Lerman, I know Levomekol's ointment, I work with medications.
She takes inflammation well.
Personally, I prefer Bepanthen for surface wound regeneration and burns, but you see better on the spot what is more effective.
The main thing is that the healing process is going on, such a big hole was, just a mess.
Hello, Spain, You didn't hear or understand me.
I will answer with lines from M. Isakovsky's "Flying birds of passage / Departed summer, seek."
They fly to hot countries,\nAnd I don't want to fly,\nI stay with you,\nMy native land!
I don't need someone else's sun,\nI don't need foreign soil.
And believe it or not, the photos from the park where I skated on skis or my city will be just as good.
By the way, it would be much more interesting to see your miraculous house with its interiors.
MAPED (France) Color'peps Twist, 12 colors, twisting, in a plastic case.
A set of 12 bright wax crayons in a plastic case with a twisting stem.
They won't break, they won't damage the fingertips, they are absolutely safe.
They don't require sharpening.
A body made of high-quality, durable plastic.
Multipackaging: package with a lightning bolt clasp.
$135 billion went into apps - Hi-Tech
In 2021, user spending in applications worldwide increased by 25%, while the number of downloads increased by 8%.
The most popular video services in the world are various.
Most users downloaded the video editor CapCut, and spent the most money on YouTube.
The number of app downloads and user expenses in them showed a significant increase in the period from January to November 2021.
The amount of downloads increased by 8%, reaching 140 billion. The user spending in applications has also increased significantly, by 25%, to record $135 billion.
The analytical company App Annie published data on the mobile app market in 2021, presenting a report on the subject.
In 2021, the world economy emerged from lockdown and began post-pandemic recovery.
"Will such a 'return to physical' growth in the economy be slowed down? Not at all", - the authors of the report believe.
India became the leader in the number of app downloads: it accounts for about 20% of all downloads.
Behind her are the United States (9%) and Brazil (8%).
Users of gadgets on iOS, as before, spent more than users of Android: on iOS, 65% of all expenses in applications fell.
Among the applications, the first place in terms of the number of downloads in 2021 was taken by the video editor CapCut.
Two Indian applications follow him: the video service MX TakaTak and the Meesho online shopping application.
The top 10 by number of downloads also includes Telegram.
In general, if you judge by the number of downloads, among users, VPN services (two of them are VPN Master and NightOwl VPN) and services related to creating and transmitting video (apart from CapCut and MX TakaTak, two more such services are included in the top 10 - Moj and SnackVideo) are popular.
"Users spent the most time in applications for direct translations and online streaming," - the authors of the report note.
YouTube leads here, with TikTok, Disney+, HBO Max, and the Japanese manga subscription service Piccoma also in the top 5 for user spending.
The top 5 apps by the number of monthly active users are Telegram, Instagram, Zoom, and TikTok, followed by the mobile version of Microsoft Office.
In Russia, the leader in the number of downloads for a year was the shopping application AliExpress.
Behind him are the Zenly service, which shows the location of friends, and all the same CapCut.
Also in the top 10 applications include: online karaoke StarMaker, online retailer of clothing Shein, Minecraft PE Maps application, DiDi taxi order online service, Pure Tuber YouTube client, "Dixie" retailer application, and "Samokat" online store.
People all over the world have adapted to the pandemic by moving to a mobile lifestyle, which can be considered one of the main conclusions.
"The industries that have achieved the greatest success have been those that helped people be closer, both virtually and personally," said Lexi Sidow, head of the marketing research department at App Annie, commenting on the results of the report.
The revenue of the mobile game sector in 2021 reached $90 billion. The leaders in terms of downloads were casual and hyper-casual games, where there is no or almost no storyline, and the video presentation is minimal.
The top 3 most popular games in the world include Count Masters, Project Makeover, and Bridge Race.
In Russia, among games, the leaders are DOP 2: Delete One Part, Going Balls, and Phone Case DIY.
App Annie recently presented its forecast for 2022.
Among the main trends identified by the company's analytics for the next year, there is a projected growth in the number of TikTok users to 1.5 billion, an increase in the popularity of financial apps among Generation Z, such as investor apps Robinhood, and further growth in the popularity of metaverse mobile games.
A delicious treat for dogs with beef, 30 pieces weighing 40 grams each.
A natural freeze-dried treat for dogs of all breeds and ages made from beef.
Clan De File - "meat file" for dogs with beef, and nothing else.
Natural frozen treat for dogs of all breeds and ages.
In preparation, only one type of protein is used - beef.
This reduces the risk of developing food allergies, so the treat is perfect for dogs with sensitive digestion and prone to allergic reactions.
The basis of the delicacy consists of meat fillet, processed in accordance with quality standards used for preparing food for humans - human grade.
Recommended daily intake: no more than 10% of the daily intake of an adult animal.
Energy value: 407 kcal.
Composition: beef fillet.
Nutritional value: proteins - 57, fats - 17, ash - 4, moisture - 20.
Russians warned about a new scam
Criminals have started looking for new maneuvers for fraud in video messages.
According to "Izvestia" with a reference to experts.
According to the product director of the company Ivideon, Zaur Abutalimov, the main danger associated with the spread of video communication tools is deepfakes.
In this case, scammers create a fake video based on real recordings with the participation of the victim.
Thanks to this neural network, it is possible to accurately reproduce the peculiarities of behavior of a particular person.
Abutalimov added that cybercriminals can use a deepfake to call a victim's acquaintances via video call or create a video with a copy of a person's likeness for distribution with the aim of extortion.
"Such fakes can easily provoke bullying because a skilled malicious actor can place people in absurd, dangerous, or compromising pseudo-scenarios," the expert said.
According to Alexander Vetkol, a leading system engineer at Varonis, people psychologically trust others more when they see them.
He emphasized that this could create specific risks in cases where the technology involves video.
David, I will add.
In what I wrote above, I emphasized that all of this was bought in a small town where the local mentality did not allow for strong makeup or wearing short skirts, showing stockings and knee-high socks.
This is a province, but in the store there was such a product.
In big cities, Muslim women beautify themselves and show off their lingerie.
That's how it is in Dushanbe, it's a big city, the capital of the republic.
There are many models, but there is no makeup for them.
Five actions that can help avoid diabetes are listed.
Problems with blood sugar levels - one of the most common in the world.
But some people don't attach much importance to this, and they are mistaken.
Sugar diabetes can over time lead to serious complications and even death.
Preventive measures play a leading role in preventing the formation of diseases.
Yes, doctors recommend changing the drinking regimen - reducing the number of various drinks and switching to ordinary water positively affects metabolism.
Sweet products increase the level of sugar in the blood to a dangerous indicator when consumed in excessive quantities.
Therefore, the first step on the path to a healthy lifestyle is to stop buying sweets and keeping them at home.
The appearance of the disease is not only influenced by incorrect nutrition, but also by habits.
To reduce the risk of diabetes, it is necessary to move a lot.
Experts recommend following a low-carbohydrate diet.
A similar diet not only helps to reduce weight, but also protects against sharp fluctuations in blood sugar levels.
To protect against diabetes, it is necessary to eat a lot of fiber.
Food fibers fill the stomach and thus contribute to the feeling of satiety, the secretion of digestive juices, and the enhancement of food absorption.
Seeds of tomatoes GAVRIL PINK BUSH F1 0,10 g, article number 4241014.
A low-stature early beef tomato with abundant fruiting for cultivation in open ground and under temporary plastic shelters.
A determinate plant with short internodes.
The fruits are large, rich in deep pink color, quite dense, weighing 180-210 g, protected from sunburn by leaves, well stored.
Soft, with a sweet taste.
The hybrid has resistance to a complex of diseases.
Recommended for preparing salads, appetizers, and slicing.
Planting the seed: at the end of March - beginning of April.
Piquette - in the phase of the first true leaf.
Planting seedlings in greenhouses - in May.
After landing in the open ground, the plants form and entwine.
MK SLAVDA FC-160.
The given freezer has an energy efficiency class A, which allows it to consume significantly less electricity when in operation.
The freezer is suitable for both private homes and apartments due to the use of high-quality, low-noise compressors and excellent sound insulation.
The camera works quieter than a regular refrigerator.
The function of rapid freezing in the shortest possible time freezes products, preserving the maximum number of useful substances.
The freezer lorry Slavda FC-160 corresponds to the climatic class N/ST, which allows it to work without problems at a temperature of up to +38 degrees in the room.
Digital control panel with automatic temperature control.
Dr. Pavlova told about "weekend migraine" among workaholics.
Several factors can contribute to a worsening of one's mood on weekends.
The reason for the deterioration of mood after working days is often "weekend migraine", said a well-known endocrinologist, candidate of medical sciences, senior researcher at the Faculty of Fundamental Medicine of Moscow State University, scientific director of the Clinic of Systemic Medicine Zhorzh Pavlova in her Telegram channel.
According to her, especially often suffer from this stress workers who in their free time have headaches, fatigue, and weakness.
Dr. Pavlova noted that besides the accumulated fatigue over the past week, there are enough objective reasons for the negative reaction of the body to changes in conditions.
Our life fundamentally changes on weekends.
"We sleep long, all day we lie on the sofa, we probably eat more, and drink less - argued the doctor. - Due to the lack of coffee, there is a small crack."
"Because of overeating and lack of water - heaviness and fragmentation."
The additional role is played by the late rise.
Yes, if you stand up three hours later than usual, it will cause a reaction called jet lag.
It occurs to travelers who cross several time zones.
To determine which factor plays the decisive role in worsening the mood, Pavlova recommended paying attention to what changes the most on weekends.
Mattress Benartti Optimal Hard S1000 130x185.
An enhanced perimeter made of high-density ink significantly increases the service life of a mattress.
"Optimal Hard S1000" mattress with different firmness sides, overall mattress height 23 cm.
The maximum allowable weight on one sleeping place is 140 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per sleeping place).
Each spring is located in a separate tissue compartment, which allows for proper distribution of the body's load.
For additional protection of the spring block, an isolation layer made of wool is added, which separates the mattress fillers and springs.
On one side of the mattress is a layer of coconut fiber 2 cm thick, which adds additional firmness and durability to the mattress.
A jacquard fabric with a thickness of 2 cm and a material of Hollcon 1 cm, which provides additional comfort.
On the other side of the mattress is a layer of coconut fiber 1 cm thick and a layer of wool.
The fabric has been treated with a special antibacterial coating called Sanitized (Sweden).
Propition provides complete destruction of mold spores, does not allow the development of microorganisms, dust mites and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four comfortable handles for turning, as well as aerators for additional ventilation of the layers.
South African scientists have announced the low efficacy of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron".
In South Africa, they announced the low efficacy of the Pfizer vaccine against "omicron".
Scientists from the South African Republic conducted a study and reported on the low efficacy of the Pfizer vaccine against the omicron strain of the COVID-19 virus.
According to estimates, the level of neutralization of "omicron" corresponds to the effectiveness of the vaccine at 22.5% against symptomatic infection, which raises doubts about the ability of the vaccine to protect against infection, as stated in the text of the study published on the MedRxiv portal.
At the same time, experts clarified that the drug can save from a severe course of the disease.
Earlier this year, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that the omicron strain of the coronavirus could cause a new wave of the pandemic in the UK with more frequent hospitalizations than a year ago.
How much hidden sugar is in familiar products?
Sugar is not the best source of nutrients.
An excess of sugar in the diet can lead to type 2 diabetes, as well as cardiovascular and oncological diseases.
Consumers should take into account that under an unfamiliar word in the product composition may be hidden sucrose - an ingredient similar to sugar in calories, composition, and glycemic index.
The label may contain several dozen names, in essence, denoting sugar.
Among the most common and frequently occurring names are glucose and fructose.
Other invert sugars can also be used, such as dextrose (a sugar derived from corn), levulose (fruit sugar), melass (blackstrap molasses), agave syrup, and so on.
These are simple sugars that belong to mono- and disaccharides, and they can be not only in confectionery products, but also in ketchup, in doctor's sausage, bread, and so on.
As they claim in Roskachestvo, the most effective way to reduce sugar consumption is to consume whole and unprocessed products, as well as pay attention to the label and the numerous different names for sugar.
Different types of sugar differ in taste, but whatever the name of the ingredient in the product - syrup or honey, processed or unprocessed, brown or white - it still remains sugar.
It's not easy to calculate the exact amount of sugar, as it is necessary to take into account not only the amount of sugar indicated by the manufacturer on the packaging, but also the fact that vegetables, fruits, and so on initially contain a certain amount of sugar.
Therefore, the total amount of sugar may be significantly higher than indicated on the label.
German Chancellor Scholz: gas will lose importance for Germany within 25 years.
The new Chancellor of Germany, Olaf Scholz, has announced that the importance of importing gas is losing significance for Germany, as the country continues its transition to a decarbonized economy.
According to him, Germany plans to become a climate-neutral country by 2045, completely refraining from the use of gas, oil, and coal.
"So, after 25 years, the world will be such that the question of transporting gas to Germany and Europe will play a different role," said the chancellor.
Scholz noted that Germany continues to be committed to the fact that Ukraine transports Russian natural gas and in the future, as this resource is currently of great importance for the energy transition.
He reminded that Germany and the United States made a statement in which they confirmed support from Berlin for Ukraine's energy transformation.
The head of the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Annalena Baerbock, previously announced that the certification process for the "Nord Stream 2" gas pipeline is ongoing.
According to the minister, within the framework of coalition negotiations and the discussion of the coalition agreement, it was stated that energy projects should be subject to European energy law.
The diplomat also noted that the gas pipeline "does not comply with the requirements" of the European Union.
Thank you for interesting photos!
In 1985, I had to travel to those areas.
I vividly remember the ChMEZ, rising from the station Kanatschikowo to the hill, past the old building (resembling a centralization post, two-story), along the Kanatschikowski street, and turning right onto the Vavilov street to the factory gates...
Hackers have broken into the Twitter account of the Indian Prime Minister.
Hackers have broken into the Twitter account of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The malicious actors have managed to publish a fake message.
It was reported that India has allegedly recognized Bitcoin as a legal payment method, as well as that the country has already purchased cryptocurrency.
In Modi's office, they asked to ignore new messages.
Representatives of the premiere said that they quickly reacted in Twitter - access to the account was restored.
The page of the Indian Premier League (IPL) was hacked in 2020 and they were calling for donations to be made to the fund using cryptocurrency.
At the referendum in New Caledonia, the majority voted against independence.
The third referendum held in New Caledonia on December 12 ended with the same result as the two previous ones.
According to the first partial results announced on Sunday, December 12, at noon, the majority of the inhabitants of New Caledonia voted during the referendum against the independence of their territory.
At the same time, the level of participation in this third vote became significantly lower than in the two previous ones.
According to preliminary results published by local authorities, 3.51% (2,755 people) of those who voted "for" independence for New Caledonia from France, while 96.49% (75,762) voted "against".
The turnout was 43.90%, a total of more than 80,000 residents of New Caledonia participated in the elections.
According to the French Press Agency, "the outcome of these elections left no room for doubt," as supporters of independence called on voters not to participate in the vote.
As the initiators of the referendum, they opposed its holding on December 12, considering that a new outbreak of COVID-19 on the archipelago hindered the holding of a full-fledged and "honest" election campaign.
Therefore, this non-participation opened the way to a third victory for the supporters of the French New Caledonia, after referendums held in November 2018 and October 2020.
In 2018, 56.7% of the population voted against independence, and in 2020, 53.3% did the same.
As separatists announced, they do not recognize the results of the last election and will contest them in the UN.
As reported on Sunday, December 12, in the Élysée Palace, President of France Emmanuel Macron is expected to speak about the results of this referendum.
The theme of New Caledonia's independence has been revived in recent weeks due to the presidential campaign in France.
A few presidential candidates have expressed support for keeping the territory within France, as it is "the last region of the European Union's presence in the Pacific Ocean."
"New Caledonia must definitely remain French," - repeatedly said Eric Zemmour.
Such a statement was made by Republican candidate Valérie Pécresse, who at the end of October published a column in Le Figaro, calling on Calédonians to remain French.
On his own part, Emmanuel Macron announced in May 2018 that he would not take a position "because it is not his responsibility."
However, the president added: "France would be less beautiful without New Caledonia."
Prime Minister Jean Casteks, on his side, expressed a "strong desire" that the choice of the Calédonians be a choice for France.
Hey, what's up?
I'm sorry, I may have... overwhelmed you a bit, it's still a bit awkward and embarrassing.
Thank you for not turning away from my channel.
The topic is: I am not an artist, I love to draw, but I end up with inspired mess.
But as an artist - generally not to an artist: what could be changed here?
Let's not forget that food was NATURAL, so obesity was not as widespread as it is now.
And here's what medicine was like - beer, garlic, and infusions.
Nowadays, they would put you on your feet in a minute.
And the food is completely devoid of any taste.
In Turkey, they tested the first unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) in the world with laser weapons.
In Turkey, successful tests were carried out on the first drone in the world with laser weapons.
The "Eren" UAV was tested at a distance of 100 to 500 meters, according to "MIR24".
The device is capable of neutralizing explosive objects at a distance using a laser.
The maximum altitude of the new product's flight reaches 3,000 meters.
After passing the relevant tests, the UAV should be put into service with the Turkish military, who will use it to destroy explosive devices without the need for sappers.
The agency emphasizes that Turkey is among the six countries in the world capable of developing and producing their own drones.
I cut the pumpkin into steaks.
Salt, sugar, black pepper and paprika.
Sometimes he added nails, they don't interfere.
In a deep bowl, he covered it with a plate.
So, it's all good.
And why do I need this sour cream, for such money, it's an excellent fish.
Bread, sunflower oil, cheese.
A delicious burger.
Readers of the Wall Street Journal criticized an article about Russia's relations with the US.
Readers of The Wall Street Journal criticized an article by Professor Christopher Hartwell, in which he described his vision of relations between Russia and the United States.
The author of the material expressed concern that the West is allegedly sacrificing Ukraine for Russia.
In his article, he convinces readers of the danger that comes from Moscow and makes a number of offensive statements against Russian President Vladimir Putin.
At the end of Hartwell, he called on Western countries to "unite as a front against Russia."
Readers of the Wall Street Journal have expressed their disagreement with the position of an American professor.
"There is a lot of false information in this article," - says the RIA Novosti comment of one of the readers.
"Europe is not ours to lose, and Ukraine is not our land."
"The United States and NATO allies will never enter a nuclear war with Russia over Ukraine," another noted.
Patches can also be applied to the lips.
The hydrogel used in the production of Dearboo Peach & Hibiscus Brightening Hydrogel Eye Patch is a high-tech polymer that provides increased absorption and delivery of natural plant essence to the skin, adheres tightly to the skin and gives a feeling of freshness.
When applying a hydrogel to the skin, it minimizes the accompanying loss of moisture and causes the essence to penetrate deeply into the skin layers.
SONEX 2085/EL LED Lamp with Nores PDU
The 2085/EL series NORES lamp consists of a metal base (base) and a plastic diffuser.
The material of the diffuser - high-quality acrylic white matte color, providing uniform lighting and good light transmittance to the lamp.
The shape of the diffuser: square, in the form of a relief ornament with a geometric drawing, decorated with transparent points, giving the included lamp a beautiful "starry twinkling" and iridescence effect.
The IP43 protection degree allows the use of the luminaire in certain zones of wet rooms.
The kit includes a replaceable LED module with lenses, with a power of 72 W, which corresponds to a 520 W tungsten bulb.
Also, the DU button panel, which allows for smooth color temperature changes from 3000-6000K, adjustment of brightness, and switching to warm/white/cold/night light mode.
Uryazh Mask for the face moisturizing thermal night 50 ml.
An ultra-moisturizing night mask for all skin types with an effect of fresh, rested, and glowing skin in the morning!
The "thermal bath" for dry skin!
Tonifying, smoothing the relief of the skin and restoring the skin barrier.
A very pleasant water-gel texture without stickiness.
An excellent after-sun care product for the skin!
Hypersensitive.
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.2 occurred in the Kuril Islands region.
A magnitude 5.2 earthquake occurred near the Kuril Island of Shikotan.
It is noted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 231.8 kilometers northeast of the city of Severo-Kurilsk.
The fire pit was located at a depth of 92.5 km.
Earlier seismologists recorded an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.5 in Peru, during which ten people were injured.
If he were born into a poor American family and tried to make a name for himself, it is unknown where his petty bourgeois thinking would lead him.
It's great when you come to America as a known person.
You were born there, unknown why you would fight.
So he watered the dirt, bile, and poisonous weed, with a justice that no one has yet thought of.
Ukraine will start producing unmanned aerial vehicles of a new generation
On the new Ukrainian-Turkish factory, they will start creating unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) of the ANKA type.
On December 11, an unscheduled adviser to the head of the Ukrainian president's office, Alexei Arestovich, reported on this.
So they are capable of acting against airborne objects, against other drones.
Even against manned aviation.
"They will have Ukrainian engines and the rest of the Turkish avionics: the body and so on," he said, as quoted by Dialog.ua.
Commenting on the main features of the ANKA drones, Arevshatyan said that these are not piston-engine drones, but rather rocket-powered ones.
According to him, this new generation of unmanned aerial vehicles surpasses Bayraktar in all characteristics.
The first batch of BPLA should be produced by the factory at the end of next year, according to Arevoshch.
The ANKA unmanned aerial vehicle was created by the Turkish Space Agency in February 2014.
The development of the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) was carried out by the authorities of Turkey in collaboration with a number of private companies since 2010.
The Ukrainian General Staff has classified data on the use of Bayraktar drones and Javelin missile systems during military operations by combined forces in Donbass.
On December 6, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced that the country has started building a factory for the production of modern military drones.
According to him, Ukraine intends to use drones.
On September 29, Bayraktar Savunma company and the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense signed an agreement on the construction of a center in the Kyiv region, where Turkish UAVs Bayraktar will be trained, tested, and maintained.
The press service of the Ukrainian leader's office called this memorandum "a big real step forward".
Two lions escaped from a container at the airport.
Two lions escaped from the Changi Airport in Singapore.
According to The Straits Times.
Two hunters managed to escape from a container with seven lions, which arrived on one of the planes.
The publication notes that it remains unknown from which country they were brought to Singapore and where they were headed.
One of the escaped lions lay down on the roof of the container.
They couldn't escape from him because of the protective fence that was set up nearby.
The confrontation ended after the arrival of employees of the Mandai Wildlife Group, which manages all the zoos in Singapore.
They have immobilized the lions using ropes and tranquilizer darts and plan to transport them to a quarantine facility.
Earlier it was reported that in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, a lion had escaped from its owner and was roaming the streets of the city.
On the same day, the animal voluntarily returned home, and people were not harmed.
Experts warned of a threat to cancer due to vitamin B9.
Studies suggest that an excess of vitamin B9, also known as folic acid, may lead to cancer.
This was reported by the Daily Express.
According to experts, there are strong evidence that people who do not have a deficiency of folic acid are less likely to develop certain types of cancer, in particular, colorectal cancer.
However, an excess of the necessary dose can promote the growth of cancer cells.
Professor at the University of Alabama in Birmingham, dietitian Beth Kitchin advises paying attention to the amount of folic acid consumed throughout the day.
The optimal dose is 400 micrograms per day.
The risk of cancer increases only in cases where there is a significant deviation from this figure in either a larger or smaller direction.
Kitty recommends not to take vitamin B9 in tablets without a doctor's recommendation, to carefully monitor the dosage and avoid cereals with milk and other food products containing folic acid.
Earlier, nutrition consultant Rachel Fine called folic acid a substance that slows down aging.
Since it also contains avocado, Fain recommended that men over 50 years of age eat this fruit more often.
In the UK, due to the omicron strain, about 75,000 people may die by April.
British scientists' forecasts show that in the next five months, up to 75,000 people may die in England due to the spread of the omicron strain of the coronavirus, unless the restrictive measures are tightened in the winter.
The Guardian reported that a study by experts at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) found that people who regularly consume artificial sweeteners may have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, according to TASS.
According to the most optimistic forecast of experts who make up the scientific-consulting group on emergency situations at the British Cabinet, by April 2022, the country will have recorded at least 25,000 fatal outcomes due to the omicron strain, and a total of 175,000 patients will have been hospitalized.
At the peak of the epidemic, the hospital will be accepting more than 2,000 infected people per day.
"Serious measures to combat the coronavirus may be required to prevent overloading the National Health Service if the omicron strain proves to be more contagious than the delta variant, and current vaccines are unable to eliminate infection," said Rosanna Barnard, a mathematician at LSHTM.
Earlier, the UK Health Security Agency informed that if the speed of spread of the omicron strain remains at the current level, there will be about 1 million cases of infection in the country by the end of the year.
At this point, the Omicron strain may become the dominant one in the United Kingdom by mid-December.
In the present moment, 1898 cases of infection with the omicron strain of the coronavirus have been detected in the UK, of which 633 were identified in the last 24 hours.
At the same time, on December 9, the head of the British Ministry of Health, Sajid Javid, pointed out that in reality, this indicator may already reach 10,000 cases.
I wanted to write a clever comment, but I couldn't finish reading this far:
"A shuba, obtained as a result of the unimaginable sufferings of a wretched animal and its employment on a second job."
And the table collapsed!
It turns out that "unfortunate animal" is a man, and I thought it was a shinshilla!
The last knight on this planet.
Richard Cream, judging by the dislikes, you seem to be expressing your thoughts not very accessible to most.
What were you trying to say - that those who post on Instagram, pretend or they all succeed, because pretending is pointless?
SZ resembles a warehouse, everything that at some point did not dissolve, ends up here.
If you set a goal and dig deep, you can find something valuable among the rubble.
You just need to be patient and clearly understand what you are looking for.
The demand for superyachts has grown by a quarter in the world.
The construction of superyachts this year and orders for next year are breaking all records worldwide, despite calls to reduce the carbon footprint and fight climate change.
The number of yachts ordered in the world registry has reached 1200 units - almost a quarter more than last year.
In the era of fighting the consequences of climate change, it is difficult to imagine that the number of people who have the desire and money for a floating castle worth over 50 million dollars and above will not decrease, as reported by The Guardian.
But there are becoming more and more.
This year there was an order for 25% more ships than in the previous year.
Brokers say there hasn't been such a frenzy on the market in 20 years.
The first reason is that many who can afford a yacht are afraid of infection on land and prefer to hide from the pandemic on board their own ship.
The second reason is also related to the coronavirus.
If earlier all these people went to the office and met partners in business personally, now an absolute majority of them work remotely, and negotiations are conducted over the phone.
Broker Will Christie told the newspaper that shipyards are taking orders for new yachts for 2025 and later.
This means that customers are willing to pay more, just to have their yacht ready even a year or two earlier.
"People simply crave freedom, and the super-rich can afford it," he says.
In Western society, many criticize such behavior of the rich and call it decadent.
According to sociologists, the rich do not want to understand that during times of scarcity, traveling to space, living on yachts, or flying on their own planes cause dissatisfaction in society because the elite does not want to share responsibility for climate change with the rest of humanity.
Economists are calling on governments to take action and are proposing new taxes and rules for the super-rich, although they understand that implementing this will be extremely difficult given the mobility of money.
Meanwhile, the sheer number of superyachts ordered is impressive, as are their specifications.
Out of 1200 ships, 27 have a length of the hull above 100 meters.
Norwegian millionaire Rekke is building a yacht called REV Ocean with a length of 183 meters.
After the launch, this will be the largest yacht in the world.
The yacht is equipped with a "moon pool", as well as a submarine designed for studying the depths of the sea.
Ordinary helipads have become commonplace on existing superyachts, outdoor movie theaters, and on some of them, such as on the yacht of wrestler McGregor, there are platforms for combat sports. Professor of economic anthropology at the University of Indiana, Richard Wilk, says that compared to the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions, the carbon footprint produced by super-rich is insignificant.
But it has symbolic value if you consider that there are fewer than 2000 multimillionaires in the world.
This is just another example of excessive consumption by a very small group of people.
Scientists have discovered that the emission trail of millionaires is thousands of times larger than the trail of the average citizen on the planet.
If one person produces an average of 5 tons of CO2 per year, then the biggest polluter of the planet, Roman Abramovich, is responsible for 33.9 tons of greenhouse gases that entered the atmosphere in 2018.
At the same time, two-thirds of the emission trace fell on his yacht Eclipse, length 162.5 meters.
Even if the owner of the yacht is not on board, the crew continues to poison the planet.
The owner can call the captain and give an order to bring the yacht, for example, from the Mediterranean Sea to the Caribbean.
The owners of superyachts do not evoke sympathy from other people when they, like the richest woman in Australia, Gina Reinhard, who owns mines on the continent, complain through YouTube that there is no place for mooring their giant ships.
It is also difficult to understand her call to build marines for ships with a length of 50 meters.
A dangerous weekly dose of alcohol leading to the development of stomach cancer has been defined.
American scientists have determined how much alcohol in a week increases the risk of developing cancer.
According to the Daily Express publication.
Experts have come to the conclusion that the consumption of four or more alcoholic beverages per week is associated with an increased risk of developing oncology.
The probability of developing the disease increases with the increase in the amount of alcohol consumed.
Moreover, the risk of developing esophageal cancer is higher in moderate drinkers among men than in women.
Scientists cannot determine the exact cause of such a type of oncology, noting only that certain factors lead to a harmful process for the body.
Thank you to the author for the high-quality material and photos.
Sergey, I don't see anything wrong with egoism and pride.
How can you not see the egoism and pride in a man who seeks a free surrogate mother to bear the costs and responsibilities, while enjoying the title of a father from a safe distance?
Why do they work in the ministry, it's the most suitable place for them in the circus.
I understand that everything should have been with royal splendor, but the model is very exaggerated.
It's even hard to imagine how poor Diana was put into a carriage, and in general, any movement.
I was 12 years old, and I remember how they showed the ceremony on TV.
It seems that almost all girls dream of being princesses in beautiful, luxurious dresses, and I am no exception.
But looking at such a dress, I reconsidered being a princess.
Dogs can understand words and phrases at the level of a two-year-old child.
Many, or more precisely, all dog lovers are convinced that these creatures are very intelligent.
But even they don't realize how truly developed four-legged pets are.
For many years, biologists have conducted various experiments to determine how developed the intellect is in animals.
Although a dog's vocabulary is not as extensive as a human's, a new study shows that a dog can react sequentially to 89 words or phrases.
The works of scientists were published in the Sciencealert edition.
Dogs cannot play chess or compose poetry, they don't understand anything in politics, economics, and art, yet they often manage to deceive their owners.
Some breeds of dogs, according to experts, show better results in understanding human language, but there is not enough statistical data for precise conclusions.
Yes, some breeds are traditionally considered to be dog geniuses - for example, Labradors.
Scientists have come to the conclusion that dogs are capable of logical thinking, and in terms of their ability to learn, they do not lag behind a two-year-old child.
Mattress Dreamline Dream Massage TFK 80x200.
Mattress on an independent spring block TFK with natural latex and coconut cover.
This mattress is made on the basis of an independent block TFK.
This is a modern design with 512 independent springs on a bed.
Each spring is in a separate compartment and does not affect neighboring ones.
Therefore, the load on the mattress is distributed as evenly as possible.
A person takes on a natural form during sleep.
The springs are isolated from the upper layers of the thermowell.
Above the felt layer, there are layers of natural latex and cocoa, which have excellent and beautiful properties.
One side is enriched with a thin layer of natural seven-season lacquer.
This natural filler has 7 zones of comfort, promotes the perception of a person's weight, and has a gentle massage effect.
The Antistress chew toy is made of velour, stretched over 250 g of hollow fiber on a square meter.
He is pleasant to the touch and externally, possesses soothing, relaxing properties.
Sova, a bright example - a deep-sea diver Tauatomi Axel.
Some of his victims are so great that they become the cause of the destruction of the universe.
He simply cannot swallow them, and his teeth do not allow him to spit out too large a catch back into the water.
If you don't care about the fate of your four real estate objects, why did you decide that someone else would be happy to buy them and enjoy them?
Today's law fully allows you to manage your property.
Manage yourself, if you don't like how others do it.
In Ukraine, they are preparing for trade with the US and Russia.
The United States and Russia will "trade" regarding Ukraine's entry into NATO, according to Alexander Kottekov's article for the "Glavred" publication.
According to his opinion, Washington and Moscow plan to continue negotiations in the near future regarding guarantees that Ukraine will not join the North Atlantic Alliance, despite the words of American leader Joe Biden about the right of countries "to join anywhere."
If someone offers you something obviously unacceptable, for example, selling a close relative into sexual slavery, you will not trade, but simply send the proposer away.
"And in relation to Ukraine, there is a trade," - wrote the analyst.
Kozhevkov added that Russia does not plan to attack Ukraine, but seeks dialogue with Kiev.
"They are preparing secretly, quickly and immediately go to offensive actions, and not wait until the grouping is detected and the forces of resistance are deployed," he noted.
China is stimulating the development of the railway transport industry.
Advanced Chinese technologies attracted the attention of companies from the United States, Germany, France, and other countries at the Chinese International Rail Transit and Equipment Manufacturing Exhibition 2021, held in the city of Changsha, Hunan Province /Central China/.
The main technologies developed by CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co. Ltd. allow trains to automatically detect and diagnose technical malfunctions, said a company representative, Hou Zhaowen.
High-speed trains running on the railway line China-Laos, which was put into operation at the beginning of this month, are already equipped with these technologies, which will ensure increased reliability and operational efficiency of the rolling stock.
Over the past six months, China has significantly increased its export of railway transportation equipment, and many countries in Asia and Europe are witnessing "Chinese speed."
In May this year, the first two-story high-speed electric trains developed in China were exported to Europe from the production line of CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd.
With a maximum working speed of 200 kilometers per hour, these trains will be running on the railways of Austria, Germany, Hungary, and other European countries.
In November, a trial operation of a metro train developed by the above-mentioned company for Turkey began.
The train will be moving along the metro line connecting the center of Istanbul with the city's airport.
The movement on this metro line will be opened in the next year.
This will be the fastest metro line in Turkey with a speed of 120 kilometers per hour.
"The Chinese industry for the production of equipment for railway transport is one of the sectors with the highest level of innovation and the strongest international innovative competitiveness," said Fan Yaoyan, head of the trade and investment department of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT).
"This industry constitutes the main competitive advantage of Chinese production of high-end equipment on the global market," said Feng Yaoyan.
After more than 60 years of intensive work, conducting a series of independent research and development, China has created a leading production system for railway transport equipment, with a full range of auxiliary means and large-scale production activities.
According to Feng Yaoshan, the country ranks first in the world in terms of the level of electrification of railways and the operational speed on high-speed and urban railways.
A biologist listed the early signs of dementia.
Candidate of Biological Sciences Semyon Goloshchkin in a conversation with radio Sputnik listed the early signs of dementia.
According to him, signs of future dementia may include forgetfulness, as well as a whole range of moderate cognitive impairments, such as difficulty with concentration, planning, and a decrease in abstract thinking.
There is currently a discussion about whether hearing loss can be an early manifestation of Alzheimer's disease or one of the risk factors for its occurrence, said a specialist.
Golochev emphasized that the causes of dementia can be neurodegenerative disorders, head injuries, certain infections, metabolic disorders, and a lack of certain vitamins.
He added that Alzheimer's disease and atherosclerosis of cerebral blood vessels are the most common causes of this syndrome.
A biologist noted that today's doctors do not know effective ways to treat dementia.
Therefore, it is necessary to start her prophylaxis in a timely manner.
According to him, reducing the risk of developing dementia can be achieved through studying foreign languages and active communication.
The WHO also recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regularly training cognitive skills with the help of games and hobbies that require intense involvement of memory and logic thinking.
"There are recommendations for the use of various BADs, however, their effectiveness and feasibility are still being debated in the scientific community," said Golochev.
"The World Health Organization recommends maintaining a moderate level of physical activity, regular training of cognitive skills and abilities through games and hobbies that require intense involvement of memory and logic thinking," said Golochev.
A charitable organization for researching dementia in the UK has announced that the disease is now affecting people in their 40s more frequently.
Doctors have named the early symptoms of Alzheimer's disease.
The first alarming sign can be problems with vision, due to which the patient encounters difficulties in recognizing objects.
Another sign of developing dementia, according to specialists, is aphasia - a state in which a person cannot find the right words to convey what they want to say.
A neurologist demanded that Saakashvili be sent abroad for treatment.
The former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili needs psychoneurological treatment and rehabilitation abroad, said journalist Otar Toidze, who is a member of the council of doctors created by the ombudsman of Georgia.
His [Saakashvili's] neurological status is the leading factor in his illness.
Stabilization problems include problems with movement, coordination, and variability of character," said the specialist, noting that this does not go beyond the normative framework and now the ex-president needs to be sent to a special rehabilitation.
"This is what we call neuro-rehabilitation and psychoneurological rehabilitation, the possibility of which we did not find in Georgia," said Toidze, demanding that Saakashvili be treated in a special institution, which does not exist in Georgia.
On the evening of December 7, Saakashvili began sabotaging the receipt of medical assistance after prison service employees subjected him to disciplinary punishment.
The Georgian politician quickly managed to cancel the punishment and restore himself to his former rights.
"Alexandra, 'Do you take money for this?' - that's what I'm curious about, where such people come from."
Is it normal to pay for bread in a bakery, but not for the tutor's work?
Or are we so holy that we feed on pure spirit?
There is another side to the medal.
These people are parasites on society's body.
They don't work, don't pay taxes, live on allowances and at the expense of their relatives.
At the same time, they receive full medical care.
How many mouths can be fed by a working stomach?
We feed all the alcoholics, drug addicts, who also lost their health due to their stupidity.
Then we are surprised by the extension of the pension age.
These sums could be spent on the treatment of truly ill people.
Of course, the red flag of Victory will always remain in the history of our country and should not be mixed with the state flag.
The red flag has a reverse side, it is a symbol of the communist movement, so it can never be the state flag again.
The author should stop engaging in provocative articles and start living a normal life instead of dwelling on the past.
Protests took place in Spain against COVID-passports.
Protests against mandatory COVID-19 vaccination certificates took place in Spanish cities Barcelona and Valencia, according to Europa Press agency.
In the Catalan capital, the number of participants in the action amounted to approximately 3,000 people.
In Barcelona, COVID certificates have become mandatory for going to bars, restaurants, sports halls, nursing homes, and nighttime entertainment venues.
Many protesters came to the action without masks.
They accused the state of totalitarianism on their posters and called for respecting the choice of citizens.
In Valencia, vaccination certificates are also required for entry into entertainment venues and restaurants with a capacity of more than 50 people.
Protesters in this city have declared a medical dictatorship, and vaccination has been called an experiment.
In Spain since the beginning of the pandemic, more than 5.2 million cases of coronavirus infection have been detected, and over 88,000 patients have died.
In Russia, there are also plans to introduce restrictions for the unvaccinated.
The government has submitted a bill for a unified QR code system to the State Duma on November 12.
It is assumed that Russians will be able to visit places of mass events, cultural institutions, objects of public catering and retail trade with the presentation of either a vaccination certificate or a certificate of recovery from an illness, or a proof of vaccination.
Similar rules will be established for train and airplane trips.
Jarovnya Tradition Anthracite 26 cm cast with a glass lid.
A cast-iron stove with antiperspirant coating Antraciz TM Tradition.
The dish is intended for daily use in domestic conditions.
The exclusive strength and durability of the anti-slip coating, equivalent in durability to natural stone, has been specially developed for intensive use every day.
Thick-walled cast body.
A five-layer anti-slip coating system of the latest generation.
Premium coverage, enhanced with mineral particles.
Two layers of additional protection from overheating.
Has good anti-inflammatory properties for preparing healthy dishes without oil and fat.
Not less than 4000 thousand cycles of preparation, when complying with the rules of operation.
Suitable for all types of plates, except induction.
GOST R 51162-2019.
The warranty for each item is 4 years (provided that the rules of operation are observed for 4 years on the body and 1 year on the anti-glare coating).
Do not contain PFOA, LEAD, CADMIUM.
Cast iron skillets and griddles can be used in a ventilated cupboard without a glass lid.
The ease of washing.
According to the logic of things, the virus is constantly changing.
If a person is healthy and gets sick rarely (once or twice a year with the flu), then his immunity is normal.
In general, doctors do not recommend immunomodulators for prophylaxis.
Immunity is supported by healthy eating and a plus sport regime.
Based on this, vaccination against the flu and this COVID-19 is meaningless.
3M Filtrete 5925 Air Cleaner.
FFP2 protection level, 2 pcs.
Article number 713946.
A replacement filter for the FFP2 mask models 3M 6000, 3M 7500, and full-face masks 3M.
Provides protection of the user's respiratory tract from various substances in the air.
Creates a reliable barrier for infectious particles.
This filter is designed for operation in conditions where the concentration of harmful substances in the surrounding air exceeds the allowable value.
The filter can be used for protecting against bacteria/viruses together with, for example, essential oils and other antibacterial agents.
The FFP2 protection class has a PD value greater than 0.05 mg / m3, at the maximum concentration of contaminating substances 12 times the PD value.
The respirators of this class are capable of retaining at least 94% of harmful substances.
The prefilters are attached to the gas mask filters with a holder 3M 501.
Characteristics: low resistance to breathing.
Does not hinder observation.
Compatible with 3M half masks 6000 and 7500, as well as full face masks 3M.
Ensures compatibility with other SIS, necessary in complex working conditions.
The "constitutional monarch's" eyes, as evidenced by the network, have not only gotten me.
And this family PR - children, father...
I don't know why, but something about it just didn't sit right with me.
Only knew that Zaitsev was being bothered - Batrukha and Batrukha.
Well, I found out, said the fool, and be quiet, let your friend show himself, and they fought.
A steep climb: how the Chinese become skiers
The Olympics should attract millions of people to the slopes and help create world-class resorts in the country.
In China, they hope that the Olympics will not only attract 300 million citizens to winter sports, which will allow them to collect the amount of 1 trillion yuan designated by President Xi Jinping, but also contribute to the economic development of remote and underdeveloped provinces.
The ski resort in Zhangjiakou, located near the site of the winter Olympic Games, is becoming increasingly popular among Chinese people.
Besides building infrastructure in the region, work is also being done on greening: workers are planting trees.
There are more than 700 ski resorts in the country, but only 20 of them are large enough to host international-level competitions.
In many regions of China where tourist destinations are located, including Zhangjiakou, there are problems with snow.
The main task for the long-term perspective is to ensure a comfortable and interesting rest on Chinese resorts, so that all newcomers become regular customers.
But there is still a long way to go.
Justin Downs, an advisor for organizing the Beijing Olympics, says that since his last visit in 2007, the Chinese skiing industry has changed beyond recognition.
Every year in the winter, more and more Chinese people come to the slopes.
Fiona, a snowboarder from Beijing, one of them.
Despite significant changes, many more years are needed to create a skiing culture here, according to Downs.
Many resorts are located in rural and mining areas.
These regions still need to be actively developed and the necessary infrastructure created for rest.
A 70-year-old man named Gao Macong lives near the site of the winter Olympic Games.
He notes that in recent years there has been a boom in winter sports tourism here.
Two years ago, a high-speed railway was built from Beijing to Chongli, and now no local residents suffer from unemployment.
In the country, more and more stores are opening that trade clothing and equipment for winter sports.
On the slopes, they open points of public catering with dishes of national cuisine.
Now there is even a testing station for COVID-19 on Tayvuz.
China aims to create a thriving industry for winter sports, with its athletes becoming leaders in the largest international competitions, and resorts and equipment reaching world-class standards.
More than 500 million people in the world may face extreme poverty due to the pandemic, according to the WHO.
More than 500 million people in the world could be plunged into extreme poverty due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has slowed the progress of humanity in terms of universal access to healthcare services, according to the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Bank (WB).
In connection with the observed 12 December International Day of Universal Health Coverage, WHO and UNICEF published two complementary reports.
They found that the pandemic led to disruptions in the provision of medical services, caused excessive stress in healthcare systems.
In this connection, for the first time in 10 years, the coverage of the population with immunization has decreased, the mortality from tuberculosis and malaria has increased.
The WHO and UNICEF emphasized that the pandemic has caused "the worst economic crisis since the 1930s, making it harder for people to pay for treatment."
This situation pushes more than 500 million people into extreme poverty because they have to pay for these services out of their own pockets.
In October, UN General Secretary António Guterres said that the COVID-19 pandemic has plunged more than 100 million people into poverty, and more than four billion people have almost no social support.
Makita KP0810 Rubber Mallet
Official dealer of Makita.
A powerful motor is ideally suited for drilling.
A small weight and perfect balance.
Use of both standard and double-sided mini-saws.
Simple system for quick installation of blades.
A new ergonomic design of the body, rubber inserts in the handle to reduce the impact of vibrations on the user's hands.
Three V-shaped slots for removing fascia of varying thickness.
System of dust removal by choice: to the left or to the right.
"Wife, this is a piece of meat from the butcher."
The word "gadness" is a synonym for the word "ugliness" in Russian.
The flying mice have already eaten all the honey, and now they are attacking the jellyfish.
Oh, how many more wonders can these cute little creatures still surprise us with!
Reuters: Taiwan's Minister was disconnected from the transmission on "Democracy Summit" at the White House's request.
The speech by Taiwan's Minister of Digital Affairs Odri Tan at a panel discussion during the "Summit for Democracy" organized by the United States was turned off the video mode, according to a recording of the summit on YouTube.
According to Reuters news agency, with a reference to sources, the picture was turned off at the request of the White House.
According to their report, the cause was a map on which Taiwan was highlighted separately from China, which considers the island as its territory.
The map shown by Mrs. Tan was composed by the South African non-governmental organization CIVICUS and ranked countries of the world according to the degree of ensuring civil rights.
Taiwan was designated as "free" in green, while China, North Korea, Laos, and Vietnam were designated as "closed" in red.
After the minister showed the map, the picture from her side was replaced with a screenshot with a note that the opinions of the participants in the discussion "do not necessarily reflect the position of the US government."
China was not invited to the "Democracy Summit".
Reuters sources note that the map presented by the Taiwanese minister could run counter to Washington's "one China" policy.
One of the sources of the agency said that after the demonstration of the map of the US National Security Council, the anger contacted the State Department, accusing it of showing Taiwan as a separate country.
The "Summit for Democracy" organized by Washington took place from December 9 to 10 with the participation of representatives of 110 countries and territories, as well as civil society organizations and charitable foundations.
Russia was not invited to the summit.
During the "zero day" summit, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate, editor-in-chief of "Newspaper" Dmitry Muratov called for the creation of an international fund, through which money, obtained through corruption, would be donated to charity.
Earlier today, the vice chairman of the Russian Security Council, Yuri Averianov, said that the summit had an "anti-Russian and anti-Chinese charge."
They tell you that they are preparing food, and there is always tough meat there, generally speaking, the meat is left until the last piece with the butcher.
The classic of journalism - to create a news story from nothing.
They extract not meat, but horns and hooves, obtaining a substance like glue.
The ready product looks like a yellowish semi-transparent strip with almost no smell and is as hard as plastic, and is used as a natural jelly.
In general, there are more harmful substances in the processing of waste than in its decomposition.
But this saves companies enormous resources.
Therefore, a fairy tale about ecology was invented for loaches, who also work hard for free to collect garbage for the idea.
My personal contribution to ecology is to refuse unnecessary purchases and to use things for a long time.
If I go beyond the limits - I don't throw away, I donate to charity.
Football shorts Jogel Camp Jfs-1120-016, white/black (XL).
Description: The football shorts are ideal for playing football and sports.
Shorts have a straight, comfortable fit.
A wide belt in combination with a regulating knot ensures comfortable seating.
The fabric has high strength, durability, lightness, and good air permeability, meeting the requirements of playing at any level.
The updated brand logo is located on the left side.
The shorts are packaged in a convenient multi-use package with a snap-on clasp.
Stylish appearance, straight cut, wide belt with buckle, strong and durable fabric, good air permeability.
Characteristics.
Translate this from
Many people complain that they work for their grandparents, but abroad.
But for us, this is advantageous due to the difference in currencies.
As for other countries, we are still poor.
Yes, it will be necessary to learn different skills, but... working through a network allows you not to depend on the internal labor market.
Our country creates very few working places.
But those who create, they don't pay much attention to them.
Set of tableware "Egoist-unity" with gold plating (4 items).
The "Royal Childhood" collection is one of the largest and most well-known collections of children's silver in Russia.
It contains a multitude of charming silver models of forks, spoons, knives, spatulas, ladles and bowls, as well as salt and pepper shakers.
All children's silver jewelry goes through a strict quality control.
Environmental silver, produced directly on the factory, meticulous hand polishing with cotton balls makes the items absolutely safe for children.
Thanks to its disinfecting function, regular use of silver instruments can support the body's natural immunity and even prevent some typical childhood diseases.
Specialists of the factory received a grant for the application of a complex, but very beautiful technique of guillochage, which was used by the famous Carl Fabergé.
This allowed to create wonderfully bright and voluminous images on the products.
The collection is full of cute characters that will become a child's loyal friends.
Inka, everything will be fine.
There is a second lightness.
Lung tissue regenerates well, if not all of it is removed, the remaining part will grow back.
If it is a pulmonectomy, then the second lung will become larger and function better for two people.
Try to breathe fully with your chest, fathers are stronger than daughters, their tears are not very pleasant to the taste.
Don't mourn too early.
Smile and breathe, breathe...
The New Shepard spacecraft with six tourists on board made a suborbital flight.
The New Shepard spacecraft of the Blue Origin company with six tourists on board performed a suborbital flight on Saturday, December 11th.
A journey that was broadcast on the company's website lasted a total of more than ten minutes, after which the capsule with the passengers descended to Earth, reports TASS.
The launch of the rocket booster was conducted from a cosmodrome in the vicinity of the American city of Van Horn (Texas).
The ship rose to a height of slightly over 100 km, and the space tourists found themselves in a state of weightlessness.
The rocket-carrier landed safely on the launch pad of the cosmodrome.
Blue Origin successfully carried out the first suborbital flight of the New Shepard ship with passengers on board on July 20.
The origins of the Moscow mule.
It's not necessary to put them all in one pile - bad people can be found, and you may have claims against them for a specific reason...
But where is the quantity of children, age, pension fund, and other things?
Write that they "stole the money and didn't return it".
And how many children do you want to have, it's not your business until they gather these children to hang them on your neck.
But if this is excluded, on what basis do you have the right to condemn them?
Probably, it's only in education...
Chosen (by themselves) parents dictate their own rules, openly flouting existing ones.
And if this will affect other areas of life, such as shipbuilding and so on?
For them, laws are not written.
And if the father still decides to implement his method of upbringing and education?
"Жуть какая-то и пример для других плохой очень."
DESIGN WORKS 2719 Needlepoint Set for "Feathered Stars".
The composition of the set: Aida 14 count dark blue canvas, mulline, beads, sequins, needle, scheme, instruction.
The production of Design Works has its origins dating back to 1987 and continues to enjoy popularity worldwide to this day.
Many motifs have been worked out by such a well-known designer as Ronald West.
The embroidery kits from Design Works are equipped with high-quality Aida fabric, 100% cotton floss, and a DMC needle No. 24.
In addition, you will find sets for embroidery on plastic canvas, embroidery Tobin is embroidery on handkerchiefs, doilies, and tablecloths and much more.
China is strengthening epidemic prevention and control in cities where there are land ports of entry.
The State Council of the People's Republic of China issued a circular, requiring the strengthening of prevention and control measures for the COVID-19 epidemic in cities where there are land ports of entry, in order to further prevent the importation of the infection from abroad.
According to the circular, people leaving the specified cities must provide a negative result of the COVID-19 nucleic acid test within 48 hours before departure.
Those who travel to cities where land border crossings are located must submit at least one nucleic acid test for COVID-19 upon arrival.
The document states that these requirements will be in effect from the date when the corresponding administrative units at the provincial level determine and publish the zones of the specified cities, until March 15, 2022.
In addition, it is noted that cities with land border crossings and meeting certain conditions can consider the possibility of creating buffer zones for the prevention and control of COVID-19 within their jurisdiction.
Taisia Sokolova, as usual, Russian women are attracted to the Eastern ethnos through Indian films, which were only shown in Russian cinemas.
Nobody on the West has seen this shit with natives.
And how many such cities and villages forgotten and abandoned?
Sontelle Pruginny mattress Vivre Castom family, 140x195, article: 5110704.
The composition of the layers of the RelaxFoam 2 cm mattress: aloe-latex 3 cm, coconut 2 cm TFK, coconut 2 cm, aloe-latex 3 cm, RelaxFoam 2 cm.
A muffler - three-piece cotton.
A cotton fabric, made from cotton, has a special design.
The base is woven with special synthetic threads that provide unique strength and softness to the material.
The cozy structure of knitting supports natural thermoregulation and moisture evaporation during sleep and rest.
40% cotton, 60% polyester, density 230 g/cm^3.
Mattress Dimax OK Base, size 130x185.
The Prugin Orthopedic Mattress OK Basis is one of the most affordable models in the lineup.
The practical filler Balance Foam provides a mattress with all the necessary orthopedic properties, but at a budget-friendly price.
This product represents an optimal combination of price and quality.
Balance Pen is a modern material that is obtained from PPU.
The filler is hypoallergenic and safe.
That's why pine oil is widely used in industry.
Her safety and reliability are confirmed by a special certificate obtained in Europe, where such requirements are significantly stricter than in Russia.
Another important quality of Balance Foam is its orthopedic properties: the material supports the correct position of the person throughout the entire period of sleep.
Thanks to the pen mattress, the hardness level below the average has been achieved, so the product is considered by the manufacturer to be sufficiently soft.
The main supporting block in the mattress is SuperSprings.
He is notable for the content of independent springs, here there are 256 elements per square meter.
The practical block can withstand a weight of up to 100 kg on the sleeping place, distributes the load and adapts the surface to the sleeping person, enhancing the orthopedic properties of the mattress.
The manufacturer provides the option to choose between a spring block of height 12 cm and 18 cm without changing the final cost.
Please specify your preferences when ordering to the operator of the store.
The mattress is delivered in a knitted cover, together with it, the model height is 21 cm.
The case is non-removable.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certification.
The A9566AP-1WG lamp is produced by Arte Lamp.
It would be perfect for such premises as a living room.
The main part of the lamp is made of metal.
The illuminating device is provided in the color: gold.
In the lamp, E14 sockets are used.
The total power allows to illuminate approximately 2 m2.
The manufacturer recommends this lamp for rooms decorated in the "Classic" style.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs told about the "painful withdrawal" in relations between Russia and the United States.
The head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia, Sergei Ryabkov, assessed the prospects of Moscow's relationship with Washington in an interview with "Izvestia".
He noted that the long path of interaction has led to sad conclusions, and the problems between the two countries began not yesterday.
There is one-sided negative predictability, but in terms of some perspective of improving relations, everything is completely unpredictable.
This is a sad conclusion as a result of the long journey we have traveled, both with the current administration and with Trump and Obama.
"The problems started not yesterday," the diplomat said.
According to Ryzhkov, the problems are related to the US desire to impose its approaches on Russia in a variety of issues.
The head of the MID added that he did not dare to give optimistic forecasts about the prospects of improving relations and did not expect a change in Washington's position.
He explained that progress is not being observed, except in areas such as strategic stability and cybersecurity.
At the same time, Russia calls on the United States to adopt a responsible approach to issues of international security and hopes that the signals will be heard and that the Americans will listen to reason.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a meeting with US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken that Moscow is ready to restore dialogue with the United States.
A virologist warned of the danger of vaccinating with a nasal spray against COVID outside hospitals.
People who have been vaccinated with the nasal vaccine against COVID-19 may develop allergies and may need medical assistance, so the first points for vaccination with this drug should not be organized in airports and shopping centers.
The TASS virologist, a corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the laboratory of bionano technology, microbiology and virology at Novosibirsk State University, Sergei Netesov, reported on this.
It is easier to organize points for intranasal vaccination in airports and shopping centers, but I would do this only at first in medical institutions.
The thing is that there is a small probability of an allergic reaction to such a vaccine, it is desirable that a person stays near the doctor's office after that.
"Doctors have special sets of anti-allergic medications that work literally within a minute or two, which can sometimes be very necessary," Netesov said.
According to the virologist, it will be possible to think about vaccinating in shopping centers when there will be accumulated experience in the use of the drug.
He also emphasized that when using the nasal vaccine, it is important that it reaches the mucous membrane in the nasal cavity.
However, there is a possibility that the vaccine may not reach its destination if the person being vaccinated sneezes after injection.
A painting by numbers on canvas, anime "Sword, cutting demons" 5426 40x60.
Do you want to feel like a real artist?
Coloring by numbers is interesting for both children and adults.
Many people like to draw, but sometimes they lack the necessary skills or abilities.
This is a simple but very engaging hobby that allows you to relax, realize your creative potential, and with your own hands create masterpieces.
There is a wide assortment of unusual pictures and "unbeaten" themes!
We develop current storylines independently and strive to make the result pleasing to you!
It's all very simple!
When drawing contours on canvas, the lines do not "swim", they do not dissolve in water.
Each segment is numbered so as not to get lost in the paint.
The picture in its finished form will become a bright element of the environment, the highlight of the interior, attracting attention from the first glance.
But this picture was not drawn by any artist.
You drew her yourself.
With my own hands!
Serbia has produced 2 million doses of the "Sputnik V" vaccine.
The "Sputnik V" vaccine is the most popular in Serbia.
Serbia has produced around 2 million doses of the Russian vaccine "Sputnik V", TASS reported, citing the country's Minister of Innovations and Technological Development, Nenad Popovic.
"In the state institute Torlak, about 2 million doses of the "Sputnik V" vaccine have been produced so far. We expect that in the coming period, at least 4 million doses will be produced," said Popovich.
According to him, the Russian vaccine is the most popular among Serbs.
In connection with this, the republic plans to purchase an additional one million doses of vaccine from Russia.
The Minister of Innovation and Technological Development in Serbia also expressed interest in producing the "Sputnik V" nasal vaccine and the "Sputnik Light" drug on the territory of the country.
Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin announced that Russia has supplied almost two million doses of its domestic COVID-19 vaccine "Sputnik V" to Serbia.
They say that true believers make up the church.
Do these truly faithful people exist, or are there none of them, and we cannot know?
Each of us would like to be such a true believer, and each of us strives to be one.
But no one should talk about themselves or about those who believe as he does, that they are the only truly believing ones.
Because if they can say about themselves that they are truly believing, then certainly others can say the same.
Mattress Benartti Prime Orto S1000 145x190.
Mattress Prime Orto S1000 with different firmness sides, overall mattress height 22 cm.
The maximum allowable load on one sleeping place is 150 kg.
The basis of the mattress is an independent spring block "S1000" (1000 springs per sleeping place).
Each spring is located in a separate tissue compartment, which allows springs to properly distribute the body's load.
For additional protection of the spring block, an isolation layer made of wool is added, which separates the mattress fillers and springs.
On one side of the mattress is a layer of coconut fiber with a thickness of 3 cm, which adds additional firmness and durability to the mattress.
An additional layer of coconut fiber 3 cm and natural latex 1 cm has been added to the mattress on the opposite side.
Natural latex has an anatomical effect and durable properties.
The mattress cover is made of organic cotton jersey, knitted on an eco-friendly material called Hollcon.
The fabric has been treated with a special antibacterial coating called Sanitized (Sweden).
Proprietary technology ensures complete destruction of mold spores, prevents the development of microorganisms, dust mites, and microbes.
The mattress is equipped with four comfortable handles for turning it over, as well as air vents for additional ventilation of the layers of the mattress.
The mattress is additionally reinforced with a frame made of artificial latex, which significantly extends its service life.
Alexander M., Please remind me, how was the marathon at the 2021 World Championships held?
Can you see the track where the participants of the race should finish in a classical style?
Attention, question - what does Klevob do to the right of Bolshunov and how does he want to get on the sled, if he was going behind the barrel before the turn?
"The best finisher" on 1.5 km and after 50 km - this is two different things.
It was a long time ago...
I was, and I wasn't even the driver.
The rights were there, but he didn't know how to ride.
They offered to drive 250 km in one direction on the MAS!
The young, foolish, one agreed.
The owner is nearby, drinking water, I am going.
First, as a king, he occupied the center!
A column has formed behind me.
Missed.
The rope on the GUR broke.
Then the guards stopped us.
A column was organized, and their machine broke down.
We need to tow.
The owner of MAS explained that he was drunk, the driver was inexperienced.
What kind of drunk are you?
Don't trip, don't fall.
Let's go with our eyes open and forward!
As far as I can tell, nothing is coming out of the advertisement, and it's probably burning him.
Singers also talk about it: about returning the pensionable age.
Long ago, all budgets have been compiled taking into account the billions of unpaid pensions.
Who is giving them advice?
In the UK, they recorded 1239 cases of the omicron strain of the coronavirus in a day - RT in Russian.
In the UK, 1239 cases of infection with the new omicron strain of the coronavirus were identified within a day.
Sky News informs about this.
In particular, 1196 new cases of the "Omicron" strain were recorded in England, 38 people were infected with a new variety of the infection in Scotland, and five in Northern Ireland.
The total number of COVID-19 cases from the new strain in the UK has reached 3,137 people.
Earlier this year, scientists from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine predicted that in England by April due to the outbreak of the "Omicron" strain of the coronavirus, 75,000 people could die.
Peskov warned about the suffering of Western countries that impose anti-Russian sanctions.
Press secretary of the President of the Russian Federation Dmitry Peskov commented on the possible introduction of anti-Russian sanctions in the event of continued "aggressive actions" against Ukraine, including due to the alleged "invasion" of the country's territory.
"It is impossible to introduce some restrictions against Russia without experiencing suffering oneself," said an official representative of the Kremlin on the air of the Russia 1 television channel.
Peskov affirms that "everyone in the world understands this".
Earlier it was reported that the United States is considering the possibility of introducing anti-Russian sanctions in the energy sector as the last resort.
In addition, Washington and the European Union plan to introduce restrictions aimed at complicating the conversion of rubles into dollars in relation to Russian banks and the Russian Direct Investment Fund.
At the same time, the head of Sberbank, German Gref, is confident that this is impossible.
From adequate thinking people - accordingly, adequate comments!
Something from these simple recipes already makes me feel sick.
It seems that the ideas have ended.
Even in distant times of childhood, mom baked delicious pies and cakes, and it never occurred to compare a piece of bread spread with jam to a cake.
Ksenia, you don't need to bring anything to my mind, my mind must sort things out by itself!
"The inability of the divided mind to perceive" - what are you talking about?!
Imagine that you need to explain this to a clumsy child with your fingers, how would you do it?!
(Please note, children under 3-5 years old still have open channels of communication with the subtle world, and the child may know more than you do!)
The inhabitants of New Caledonia rejected the idea of independence from France.
According to the final results of the third referendum on independence in New Caledonia, an overwhelming majority of participants refused to leave the composition of France.
On December 12, the French television channel BFM.TV reported on this.
96.5% of those who voted were against independence.
3.51% of the population of the archipelago in the South Pacific supported independence from France.
They annulled the results of 2.99% of the ballots.
The level of participation in voting on that day was very low: only about 55% of the island's residents came to the polling stations.
According to experts, the low turnout is explained by calls from separatists to boycott the referendum due to the coronavirus.
Paris refused to move the date of the referendum.
In October 2020, the people of New Caledonia voted against independence from France in a referendum.
In 2018, a referendum on independence was held in the region.
Most of the island's residents supported its annexation by France.
New Caledonia is located almost 20,000 kilometers away from the mainland of France.
In 1853, France declared New Caledonia as its possession.
About 270,000 people live on the archipelago, and the territory is granted a special administrative-territorial status.
There is an agreement between Paris and the administration of New Caledonia, according to which the region can organize a referendum on its independence twice with a two-year interval.
Boris, if you don't know the story, don't write.
The name of the city Arsk originated from the Bulgarian-Tatar word "artish" (mahogany).
The Udmurts (also known as the Ars) live in the northern areas of the Baltsinsky and Kukmorsky districts.
The Udmurts are beautiful, hardworking people who have preserved their own language and live in friendship with the Tatars, knowing 3-4 languages.
Victor, I don't know your age, but I want to tell you that your homeland will never abandon you.
Fools are rushing in with "happy slogans".
I am speaking to you with full confidence, based on my life experience.
Don't pee in the well, maybe the water will have to be fetched!
The WHO has preliminarily considered "omicron" to be less dangerous than "delta".
The World Health Organization (WHO) considers the "omicron" variant of the coronavirus to be less dangerous than the Delta strain.
At the same time, there are data on the decrease in the effectiveness of vaccines with a new variant of COVID-19.
According to information as of December 9, "Omicron" has been registered in 63 countries.
"Preliminary data and significantly altered antigenic profile of the omicron variant allow us to infer a decrease in the efficacy of the vaccine against infection and transmission of the variant."
According to preliminary findings from South Africa, the disease may be less severe than initially thought, and may be classified as a "mild" or "moderate" form of the disease, rather than a "severe" form, as previously thought, according to a technical message from the WHO.
The organization notes that all registered cases of infection with "omicron" in the EU are currently mild or asymptomatic.
At the same time, the new strain is spreading faster than "delta".
Two cases of omicron infection have been registered in Russia.
"They were previously immunized," reported the Gamaleya Center.
The head of Russia's consumer rights watchdog, Anna Popova, said that there are no reliable data yet on whether the new variant of the coronavirus is less dangerous than the others.
Actually, the lack of sun for us, southerners, is very critical.
During 10 days spent in St. Petersburg somehow in November, we saw the sun for the first time when our departing plane took off over the clouds.
Then I only understood what I was missing in the beautiful Petersburg.
Unforgettable jeep tours in the Caucasus:
To drink with eyes, mouth, and skin what one has never tasted before - that's a proverb!
Who sees only water in the ocean?
The man on earth does not notice the mountains.
Your world of adventures +7 905 989 9172 WhatsApp
Siberian Expeditions - we can spoil even the worst mood!
"Svetlana S., ne-ah, there's no such thing - they don't submit."
If your favorite, with whom you plan to spend the rest of your life, does not submit to your requests, it means he is a parasite, unwilling to give as much as he takes.
The problem with women is that they tend to take everything on themselves.
And who is to blame if she caught herself in a lie?
In Ukraine, they named four scenarios for Zelensky.
Former deputy of the Verkhovna Rada, Vadim Denisenko, listed four scenarios for the development of events for President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky in 2022.
According to him, the head of state can remain without Western support, and possibly make concessions on Donbass.
On Sunday, December 12, Denisenk
The first variant that Denisenk called "ideal storm" implies that key Western countries will stop supporting Ukraine, reaching an agreement on the future of the country without its participation.
Such development of events will contribute to a deep crisis, with which Kyiv may face in 2023.
"At the same time, there is a decrease in the price of key goods that we traditionally export <...> internal protests and the opposition of the authorities to key FPGs (financial-industrial groups. - Ed.). ", - added a former parliamentarian.
According to Denisenk
This forecast will come true in the event of high turbulence in world politics, when Ukrainian authorities face a number of problems.
Due to such a situation, the Ukrainian leadership may go for compromises on Donbass, which could lead to an internal conflict in the country.
In the fall, Zelensky's positions will weaken, according to the words of a former MP, the probability of such a situation is 50-55%.
The third variant of the development of the situation in Ukrainian politics is the confrontation between those who do not agree with Zelensky's groups of the population and the president, due to which the capture of control over the military block and the implementation of "populist initiatives" is likely.
According to this variant of the crisis, Zelensky will begin "reformatting power," said Denisenko.
Another scenario - the transformation of Zelensky into "the father of the nation".
This could be caused by some event that will become a powerful shock for society.
"The event must be sufficiently massive to trigger a reaction from external partners and lead to an increase in support for Ukraine," Denisenko said.
Such a development of the situation is possible as a result of a natural disaster, a technogenic catastrophe, or aggressive actions by Russia, believes the former deputy.
At the same time, the Russian side has already rejected any possibility of an "attack" on Ukraine.
In Moscow, they noted that Ukrainian authorities, NATO, and the United States are increasing military activity near Russian borders.
Earlier, on November 11, data from the sociological group "Rating" showed that the rating of the Ukrainian president had dropped to a record low, reaching 19.3%.
This is the lowest indicator since his election as head of state.
Analytics predicted a situation in which, in the upcoming presidential elections in Ukraine, 21.8% of voters would vote for Zelensky, while 14.5% would vote for ex-president Petro Poroshenko.
Among all those surveyed, only 19.3% expressed support for the president.
The KAISER SENA soul system (74182)
The KAISER SENA (74182) soul system is one of the best choices in this category.
This brand is popular due to its quality and durability in work, this is also confirmed by numerous reviews of buyers on external internet resources.
By purchasing this product from us, you also receive a guarantee from our side on the quality and reliability of the product.
We deliver by transport companies throughout Russia and to any region.
In case you identify any defects, we will return the fully paid cost to you without any problems.
When you call the operator, you can get a personal discount on this product.
Please leave a review after purchase.
Thank you for the story about the great sportswoman, I didn't know that Yelena Shushunova died, it's very sad to learn that.
I remember how I ached for her during the Olympics in Seoul, for us, residents of the Primorsky Krai, it was a live broadcast, real time.
Such a passion, emotions were overflowing, I remember the joy when Yelena won.
Also, the other victories brought joy to everyone, just as much as they hurt for Salnikov, for the football players, and for all the Soviet athletes.
I somehow saw a documentary film about one of the Central American countries, and there they loaded bananas onto the ship like barrels.
The pears were of monstrous size.
I have worked many times in my youth on harvesting and loading watermelons in the Astrakhan region and have never encountered watermelons weighing more than a pound.
I buy watermelons weighing 4-5 kg directly from the fields and not earlier than the beginning of August.
A soft knitted bustier with delicate crocheted cups (size: 90E, color: beige, composition: 90% polyamide, 10% elastane, article: 12008).
A bustier-balconette with soft lace cups, on a frame.
The lower detail of the cup is reinforced with a non-elastic transparent fabric.
The side internal part of the cup, in the area where the braid is sewn, is reinforced with non-elastic fabric in a fold, without additional stitches for comfort.
This element allows the fabric not to stretch.
The wealth of embroidery can be assessed through the festive procession along the line of the decollete and under the bust.
Vertical fibers on the side panels do not allow the fabric to shrink at larger sizes.
The article was very unpleasant, mean, poisonous.
Walked through people you know nothing about.
But now many people like to disassemble atoms.
I hope that all commentators are knowledgeable and act with honor and integrity in everything they do.
In Moscow, at night, you will think a hundred times whether to go to the store alone, the migrants are everywhere, their crowds.
Consider themselves to be the masters.
And how about child support and pensions? Are you serious?
The coins are worth a maximum of 3 years, pensions are 12,000 rubles. Someone wrote about dentistry, prosthetics in our clinic have been paid for a long time and are very expensive.
People are from another planet.
Is it bad in France, and is it good here?
The Beautyson Sense Hard S600 mini Sint has a compact facture, comfortable elasticity and firmness, properties of wear resistance and durability.
The "Buitson" brand product from the "Sense" series is intended for healthy sleep of people suffering from joint diseases and vascular system diseases.
The construction ensures uniform distribution of the load on the surface and a pronounced comfortable effect.
The Buteon Sens Hard S600 mini spring – an independent coil spring S600 mini with a reduced coil height.
As internal fillers, the company Beautyson uses spandex, coconut oil, and polyurethane.
Spanbond serves as a intermediate insulating layer between soft materials and springs.
The orthopedic pad with coal tar pitch is formed on the surface of the figure-cutting, which provides a micro-massage effect.
Coconut fiber is a hypoallergenic material that gives the mattress high characteristics of moisture absorption and breathability.
The outer cover for the mattress is made of thick jacquard with synthetic fibers.
The material is distinguished by its strength and durability, it does not wear out and does not require complex care.
Poet arrested for action on Red Square: "They're giving me 10 days for a quote by Yevtushenko, the power of poetry!"
At the beginning of the week, for ten days, they arrested 21-year-old poet Alexander Volchenkov.
A student from the Higher School of Economics was detained on Red Square with a placard on which was written the hashtag #poetrussiabiggestpoet.
This quote belongs to the writer Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
A protocol was drawn up for Alexander regarding a repeat violation of the order of conducting a public event.
For the first time, he was detained on January 23rd at Pushkin Square, at a rally in support of Alexei Navalny.
"The goal was to attract attention to poetry in general, unfortunately, interest in it has been lost, as well as the decline of culture in Russia as a whole, and also a small hope to inspire unknown poets to write their poems on the internet under this hashtag," - explains Alexander.
We contacted the young poet to inquire about the circumstances of his detention and to more fully reveal the message of his poetry.
How were the police officers polite to you when you were detained this time and in the past?
What did they ask in the department, how did they comment on your action?
In this case, the employees were more polite, the detention was minimized, and the tone was friendly, even though it may sound a bit funny in some contexts of this word.
At Pushkin Square, OMON (riot police) took action and were tough.
They asked about motivation.
When they heard, in principle, they watched if not approvingly, then understandingly.
Except for being blown on all 4 sides of the monkey, everything was perfect, and I knew where I was going.
And if after the action under this hashtag a few people start writing their poems, I will not regret these 10 days.
Maxim, according to the protocol, you should communicate in the language of the Tumba-Yumba tribe even when you are alone.
At public and official events, they speak the language of the surrounding environment so that everyone understands what happened in the Bundestag on September 25, 2001, or in their native language through an interpreter.
This is a protocol and nothing more, incidentally, Angela Merkel speaks fluent Russian and yet relies on a translator.
And at official events, a stenographer writes a transcript by hand, and the stenographer does not need to know several languages.
Don't say "no" if you don't want to say "many words."
And so much water.
Well, let's go as a tourist for half a year "in the Andes, then in Nepal".
Before that, convert all assets into liquid stocks.
And gradually sell these actions, opening an account in any bank in the world.
Selling not in dollars, but in a less dependent on the US currency, for example, Swiss francs.
And then file for divorce from America.
But this is not all that keeps Americans in the US.
Keep their confidence that it is better in the USA than anywhere else.
They are so well-groomed.
The Hansgrohe Quattro mechanism has three outputs (15930180).
Collection: Quattro; type: mechanism of hidden mounting; purpose: for mixer, for bathroom, for shower; built-in systems: yes; type of mounting: embedded (in the wall); material of the body: brass; mechanism of hidden mounting: included; number of mounting holes: 1; country of origin of the brand: Germany; manufacturer's article number: 15930180; EAN code: 4011097345239.
Additional information: a flow regulator is required; package contents: ceramic cartridge, silencer flange; 3 users; possible simultaneous connection of 2 users (showers); suitable for all external parts of the Quattro system; water consumption: 65 l/min.
Scientists have told how potatoes can help in the fight against age-related disorders.
The study showed that potatoes are rich in vitamins and microelements that promote improved blood circulation and reduced cholesterol levels.
The root vegetable contains vitamins of group B, vitamin C, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, riboflavin, folic acid, and pantothenic acid.
All these elements help the body's systems to function.
In addition, potatoes can help in the fight against age-related disorders.
Thanks to its large content of hawthorn, it is useful for the digestive tract, and when used regularly, it can also help in the prevention of hypertension and atherosclerosis.
However, for the greatest benefit, the root vegetable is best boiled or steamed, rather than fried in oil.
The Daily Express previously warned that potatoes can be dangerous for diabetics, just like other high glycemic index products.
These are products that quickly break down into sugars, such as sugar, sweet non-alcoholic drinks, white rice, and white bread.
In early December, the newspaper "Kommersant" warned of a possible shortage of Russian potatoes, noting a reduction in their production in personal subsidiary farms and an increase in processing capacities.
According to market participants, the shortage of products can only be compensated for by imports.
"Lostfilm, lordfilm and other pirates will be removed from the distribution of 'Yandex'."
Candidates for elimination
In 2015, the owners of the "RAEK/Media" cluster compiled a list of the 100 largest pirate sites on the Russian segment of the Internet, and most of them have ceased to exist, says the director of the Internet Research Institute Karen Kazaryan.
But some - Kinogo, Lostfilm, Filmix - still managed to survive, including regular changes of domain name, he adds.
For example, on Lostfilm, which is available in search results as "Yandex" and Google, you can watch pirated copies of the Netflix series "The Game of Thrones" and "The Kindness" directed by Anna Melikyan - the original series of the largest video service in Russia, iVi (which is included in AIV).
On Kinogo, which is also available for delivery to search engines, you can watch the animated novelty "Encanto", but, judging by the quality of the video, this is so-called screen capture (a pirated copy of the movie shot in a cinema).
On Filmix, which can also be found through search engines, the TV series "Univer. 10 years later" of the TNT channel (included in "Gazprom-media") is available.
Svetlana M., excuse me, yes, I would like to piss, does the son get angry with the mother or not.
If there is any misunderstanding, it is better not to meet at all, and to save time on our way.
Sure, of course, such things happen rarely.
A soft-cup bra with no frame and a front clasp coffee 135I GI1265.
The T-shaped back is reinforced from the inside with crossed elastic threads made of cotton and lace.
The bustier is made of microfiber in combination with mesh fabric for air permeability.
Cups with embroidery from a cotton fabric for comfortable fitting.
A unique design of Magiclift (crossing under the chest and along the line of the decollete supporting inserts) for lifting, separating, and supporting the breasts.
These wide and comfortable shorts have a microfiber lining that is adjustable at the back.
"Ludmila, the leading cosmic technology is now in China."
Russia is already hopelessly behind.
"The idea developed by the Poles" - it would be more accurate to say that Poland merely refined the idea of 1776, but developed it quite effectively.
Specifically, the slogan "The periphery is not Russia" appeared in 1848.
What, in general and overall, does not change the essence.
I watched her interview, the girl said that her biggest dream is that her wings would grow, and her father constantly beats her.
Hmm, it all seems very suspicious.
So, I've enrolled in a university, what's next?
Wall lamp Maytoni MOD081WL-L13G3K Tessara.
A wide circle of light, surrounded by "molecules" of light, provides the most uniform and bright illumination of the space.
"Atomic" or "molecular" design, reflecting the natural and inherent essence of each object, does not lose relevance and allows to effectively arrange accents in the interior.
One of the characteristic features of such lamps is their weightlessness.
The delicate, practically invisible cables that regulate the height create the impression that the lamp is floating in the air.
Metal gold armature and matte-white miniature chandeliers with ease complement any palette, and the presented in the collection hanging lamp and bracket will become a ready ensemble for lighting the hallway, bedroom, entrance hall.
Well, it tastes and looks good, that's what it's called.
I really liked "Tarkhan", not the current one, of course.
The juices in the pouring from the high glass cylinders were very tasty.
Three portions of syrup - too much, in my opinion.
Two were in the same place.
Mattress Dimax Micro Ultimate, size 160x190
Orthopedic spring mattress Micro Ultimate.
The model is convenient because it has two different surfaces with varying degrees of softness - one of high rigidity and slightly softer than average.
The product includes only high-quality and premium fillers that have proven themselves exclusively from the best side.
Springs: a central model is equipped with a block of independent springs "micropackage".
This means that on the bed there are 2000 spiral springs that work fully autonomously.
Exactly, their functioning provides a unique point-to-point configuration.
"Micropackage" is the highest frequency among all the diversity of "Dimax" spring blocks, so it has a well-defined orthopedic effect and is considered a premium product.
Fillers: above and below the springs are installed combinations of layers of cork and natural latex.
The only difference is the order of the plates.
If one surface is covered with latex, then another surface is covered with coconut fiber.
Such a combination of fillers has long been considered a classic, as it not only conveys orthopedic properties, but also anatomical properties to the mattress.
If the corset provides proper support for the back, then latex gives adaptation of the surface to the body.
The model is delivered in a stretch cotton cover Aloe Vera.
The client's wish is to make it either removable or stationary.
The overall height of the product is 27 cm, the recommended load on the sleeping place is 170 kg.
Guarantee and safety: warranty period – 3 years.
The mattress has all the necessary certificates and documents that confirm its full safety and reliability in operation.
The orthopedic foam used in the mattress has a CertiPUR certification.
Estonian scientists will be searching for life on Venus.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is collaborating with the Tartu Observatory and other research institutions and companies to prepare three space missions to Venus to search for signs of life in the atmosphere, as reported on Sunday by the "Current Camera".
The goal of the missions starting in five years is to evaluate the suitability of Venus' clouds for life, and then search for life there.
For the project, turtle scientists proposed instruments for measuring the acidity and oxygen content in the clouds of Venus.
Until now, it was assumed that the clouds of Venus, the nearest planet to Earth, were too acidic for life to exist there, but it is likely that Venus was originally a planet of Earth-like type.
During the third mission, a probe from Venus should arrive.
Let's assume that if we find life there, the main question will be - is it similar to Earth or does it differ.
If it is very similar, it will be obvious that terrestrial life did not begin on Earth.
"If it differs, it may be more likely that life originated on Earth," said Mikkel Paust, the leader of the Estonian team of the "Venus Life Finder" project.
A hat, not a telephone...
For a whole year, and the price...
I'm tired of this Chinese nonsense...
They can't make a quality phone...
My Samsung has already survived three such incidents (friends have already thrown them away), and it will still survive!
Metaverse will change the Russian business
The topic of metaverses became popular this fall, when Mark Zuckerberg announced the transformation of Facebook into Meta.
For the market, this event became an important signal: the largest player confirmed the development of a new format of digital interaction between people.
Therefore, business in Russia, like everywhere else, will invest in creating its own metaverses and their subsequent monetization.
It is important to consider metascaling as a continuation of existing objective trends.
On the one hand, there is a trend towards creating remote interactions in the conditions of a pandemic, because people are tired of separation and restrictions.
From another perspective, this is a consequence of the business's desire to develop ecosystems and adapt its operational models to them.
With the third, they become a logical continuation of the trend of digitalization of assets, when any rights, securities, works of art, and even money are transferred to a digital format.
Ania, You're right, changing nutrition is a conscious process.
When you start eating properly, you don't crave unhealthy and fattening foods anymore.
Yes, we will have traditional olive salad and pickled herring under the fur coat, but no one is forcing me to eat everything and right away.
You can eat a spoonful, try it - and it's enough.
"And there are ten days ahead, you can prepare any tasty and useful dishes."
How much devil's work, time, and resources did she require for her training.
And after performing 5 quarter turns, she remained without gold.
And she also understands that she will never be an Olympic champion before the next Olympics, which is four years away.
And the one who did not engage in sports or cannot represent all the circles of hell she passed through, SHOULD NOT JUDGE HER.
A British economist was unable to provide a forecast for 2022.
The British economist Jim O'Neill was unable to give a forecast for 2022 because, in his opinion, such attempts would end in failure.
He wrote about this in an article for Project Syndicate.
The expert believes that the next year will be full of unpredictability and any trend can change the direction.
According to him, the most important factor is the COVID-19 pandemic, and on the second place - inflation.
O'Neill also admitted that he doesn't know whether the increase in prices for goods is temporary or not.
As the specialist pointed out, even before the pandemic, it was clear that "the world of infinite generosity of central banks has already exhausted itself" and it is time to return to relations where interest rate correlations take into account expected rates of GDP growth.
O'Neill noted that against the backdrop of the pandemic, the continuation of ultra-soft economic policy may, according to some experts, lead to a new surge in inflation.
In addition, it is important to consider the issue of productivity growth, as well as the increase in poverty levels and climate change, summarized by O'Neill.
Earlier, the head of the global research department "Discovery Investment" Mikhail Shulgin said that positive expectations for the dollar rate in 2022 remain, while the potential for growth will be less significant.
Among the risks for the dollar course, Shulgin named the Federal Reserve's monetary policy, the dynamics of oil prices, and concerns due to the pandemic of the coronavirus.
Forced to agree.
But one thing is good: if you compare yourself with yourself, five years ago there were fewer containers.
It's better now.
Progress is slow, but steady.
There is still such a problem: in cities there are many ecological initiatives, but people are not aware of them.
Various eco-taxes that take waste from homes.
It's a shame that the point of entry for second-hand goods is being abused - it's being used by marginals.
Few people bring glass and metal there.
And the author...
"Sausages with cat fur" on Soviet factories?
"Low" chocolate in the USSR?
Well, they're not as tasty as Doshik, I understand...
And I would now turn over Soviet confetti with a white filling.
There are no more.
They don't release "Pilot", and "Romashka" is not the same...
Rubber floor mats for Hyundai Tucson I (2004-2010).
The EVA car mats are made of high-quality material produced in Russia.
The surface of the mats consists of cells in the form of rectangles.
Thickness of the carpets is 10 mm, depth of the cells is 5-6 mm.
Rugs do not absorb or transmit moisture.
The dirt is evenly distributed throughout the cells, maintaining the surface in cleanliness.
The material from which the rugs are made is elastic, durable, has no odor.
Maintains its properties within the temperature range of -50 to 50 °C.
Rugs are easy to use and suitable for year-round use.
The EVA mats cover the standard carpet completely, closing the platform for resting the left leg.
The rear tunnel is closed with a carpet.
The belt is made of super-strong automotive cord.
Mattress Dimax Practic Basic Plus V13 180x220 cm
The Dimax (Dymax) Practical Basis Plus 13 consists of a single type of filler.
This is a 13 cm high plate of artificial resin.
The mattress has a symmetric average stiffness due to the characteristics of the material.
The item is covered with a jacquard cover with a clip on a comfortable layer, either removable or non-removable, depending on your choice.
PPU - hygienic material with anatomical properties.
The main advantages of artificial lactose (PPU) are characteristics similar to the natural analogue, but at a lower cost.
Artificial latex is flexible and elastic, but unlike natural material, it has greater firmness.
He forms the anatomical surface of the mattress with high-quality support, ensuring a comfortable sleep.
The material is well ventilated, does not accumulate moisture and does not cause allergic reactions.
The durability and wear resistance of this filler ensures the longevity and durability of the mattress.
A high-quality mattress that is not afraid of temperature fluctuations.
This mattress is anatomical, affordable, and temperature-resistant, making it an ideal choice for furnishing a sleeping area in a dacha or a country house.
Among his advantages are also universal medium hardness and a maximum load of up to 100 kg, which makes this mattress suitable for most categories of users.
Russians gave about 4.5% of their GDP to automobile dealerships.
According to the results of the first 10 months of 2021, Russians spent 2.784 trillion rubles on buying new cars, which is 28% more than during the same period last year, according to statistical data from the Russian Automotive Market Research Agency (NAPI).
To understand the scale - approximately the same amount (about 3 trillion rubles) was spent by the state on supporting citizens and the economy during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
At a meeting of the heads of state of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization in September, President Vladimir Putin said that such a sum is comparable to more than 4.5% of the country's internal gross domestic product (GDP) for 2020.
According to the market income in Russia, the Korean brand Kia leads.
Over the past 10 months of this year, he was able to realize cars worth 325.7 billion rubles, which is almost 24% more than the previous year.
The growth of the Kia brand in the Hyundai family is even more significant - over 35%, and the revenue from the sale of cars is estimated at 279.3 billion rubles.
On leading positions, this brand and by increasing the average car price - over the year, Hyundai grew almost 21%, up to 1.94 million rubles - the dynamics of price increase was stronger only than Changan, Chery, Geely and Mercedes-Benz.
However, the sales volumes of Korean brands did not grow so significantly: according to the statistics of the automotive manufacturers committee of the Association of European Business in Russia, Kia sold 9.4% more cars over the same period last year.
Hyundai - almost 12%.
The Japanese automaker Toyota closes the top three in terms of sales volume in monetary terms in Russia - Russians spent 275.5 billion rubles on Toyota cars over the past 10 months, which is 14% more than a year ago.
Mercedes-Benz sold 266.1 billion rubles worth of cars in Russia last year, a 75% increase over the previous year. The German premium brand also saw a 37% increase in sales volume and an almost 28% increase in the average selling price of a car, reaching 8.2 million rubles.
"At Mercedes-Benz, there is simultaneous growth in sales and average price - more, for example, than at BMW - which leads to a greater financial capacity, - explained the general director of NAPA Tatiana Arabadzhieva."
"According to the pace of sales growth, fantastic performance indicators are demonstrated by Chinese brands, which have also significantly increased their financial capacity this year."
The Russian Lada demonstrates dynamic growth in income (plus 28%), with Russians spending 229.4 billion rubles on this brand of cars over the past 10 months.
Companies such as Volkswagen, Mitsubishi, and Nissan are currently at the level of last year's financial capacity, as their sales of cars in units in 2021 decreased.
UAZ is in the red - over the past 10 months, Russians have spent 12 billion rubles on this brand of cars, which is less than the 12.4 billion rubles spent last year.
Against the backdrop of problems with component supplies and production disruptions affecting the entire global automotive industry, automobile companies continue to constantly adjust prices - the same "AvtoVAZ" increased the cost of models Lada seven times over the past year, the last price increase (by 8-10 thousand rubles) occurred at the end of November.
Regularly rewrite the prices of their products and other automakers.
The volume of the automotive market in Russia in monetary terms will continue to grow - besides the shortage of cars, inflation also contributes to this, as well as the desire of automakers to recover past losses, experts believe.
In conditions of a shortage of cars, I think that many automakers were able to partially shift the costs of previous periods onto the consumer, which they could not previously include in the price of the car.
According to the analyst of VTB Capital Vladimir Bespalov, the automotive market in Russia will grow by 10% in 2021.
I believe that car manufacturers currently feel very comfortable financially, supporting high profit margins on sales."
The indirect indicator of this is the growth rates of car prices observed during 2021, the prices of new cars are rising faster than inflation, clarifies the expert.
In the long term, the market will grow both in quantitative and monetary terms, but mainly due to inflation and the complexity of the machines themselves, predicts Besspatov.
As the supply of goods and services increases, the opportunity to raise prices will be limited.
According to independent consultant Sergei Burgazliev, even if the price of cars slows down in the future, car manufacturers will continue to grow in terms of revenue, as they will be able to get their income from the volume of production.
Taking into account the increased demand and insufficient supply, car manufacturers are now striving to achieve the highest profit from each sold car, notes Burgazliev.
There is no expectation of an increase in production volumes of machines in the nearest half a year, while in Russia the hype is fueled even more by uncertainty of citizens about the future.
In the current market situation, cars have become a good object for investment - even a car bought a year ago with mileage can be sold now for more than its initial cost, notes the expert.
Biden spoke about the transfer of US military to Ukraine in case of Russian invasion.
The US leadership has never considered sending American military to Ukraine in the event of a "invasion" by Russia.
President Joe Biden made such a statement.
"There were never such plans," - said the head of the White House, answering a journalist's question about whether the US had rejected such an idea.
Biden noted that in the event of an escalation of the situation around Ukraine, Russia would face economic consequences.
He emphasized that the US and NATO have no obligations to use military force to protect Ukraine in case of an escalation.
The American leader also said that the possibility of using American troops in a unilateral way for the defense of Ukraine is not on the agenda.
Biden explained that if Russia invades Ukraine, the United States will transfer its forces to Eastern European NATO countries (Bulgaria, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Czech Republic, and Estonia).
"We will have to redirect more American and NATO troops to the eastern flank, B9 - all NATO countries, in relation to which we have a sacred obligation to protect them from any attack by Russia," said Biden.
Earlier, the press secretary of the President of Russia, Dmitry Peskov, emphasized that Moscow has no intention of invading the territory of Ukraine.
He also noted that Moscow sees the problem in the combat application of the drones supplied by Turkey to Kiev, as well as in the fact that "American weapons are approaching our territory."
I immediately leave such interviews.
If they want me to listen to screams, wait for hours, drink an incomprehensive brew and even wash my mouth out with it during the interview - it's terrifying to imagine what it will be like on the job.
I will find a normal place where I can communicate directly with the manager without any intermediaries.
Mattress Promtex-Orient Monolit Combi 16 100x185 см
The Promtex-Orient Monolith Combi 16 mattress is made of alternating layers of natural latex and coconut fiber.
One side is medium-hard, the other is moderately hard.
A beautiful white leather jacket, decorated with a zipper on the synthetic leather and enhanced with lightning bolts along the perimeter.
Two types of filler.
The sandwich model consists of eight layers of fillers.
Between the slabs of lactek, there are thin slabs of coco coir.
The layered structure of the mattress provides increased durability, longevity, and resistance to loads.
Natural latex is a dense, elastic, breathable material by its characteristics.
The filler will maintain its shape and quickly recover after loads.
Coconut fiber reinforces the strength of the product, has natural antimicrobial properties.
The combination of these two materials allows you to create a reliable orthopedic sleeping place that will serve customers for many years.
Universality and orthopedic support.
The mattress is suitable for people of different body types and ages.
The medium-firm surface is universal and balanced combination of orthopedic support and comfort.
The reverse side of the model is less comfortable for soft fabrics, but has more pronounced orthopedic properties.
A moderately firm sleeping surface is more relevant for those who need to "unload" their spine and achieve a healthy posture.
The mattress is ideal for both a single person and a family couple.
The latest generation of mattresses is characterized by the presence of a stable surface and the absence of the "wave effect", when vibrations on one side of the mattress can be transmitted to the opposite side, disturbing the person sleeping.
A desktop easel "Studio" 20*24*54(65) cm for canvas 40 cm.
A desk lamp "Studio" with adjustable height upper holder.
Suitable for small canvases.
Material - natural beech, lacquered.
It will be convenient for both beginners and professional artists to work with.
Smooth regulation of the angle of inclination.
Equipped with a spike for canvas and tablets.
The upper clamp securely holds the board.
The maximum height of the easel is 65 cm, the maximum size of the canvas is 40 cm.
If a scammer is calling from a similar number, like "a police officer" or another law enforcement agency, hanging up immediately is not effective, and it is more likely to be added to the blacklist.
Because he quickly repeats the call to confirm his lie about his involvement in the power structures.
The people need more useful recommendations.
Here's some nonsense...
I don't believe it at all.
They already don't know what to accuse someone of.
They reached the Queen.
And the main thing, according to their opinion, is that everyone is to blame, except for the most guilty...
And it would be better to leave people in peace from coercion, of course, if we care about our people.
Maybe all strains of the virus will disappear...
How in Japan... before the elections, the influence and infections decreased...
Assortment No. 2 woolen set 100% merino wool, weight 4x10 g.
The art of knitting woollen fabrics originated eight thousand years ago, only for this occupation it was very difficult to find wool from animals, and even more so to find coloured wool.
Now it's time for a vacation!
Introducing a semi-transparent natural wool for knitting from a Russian manufacturer, where you don't have to run through the forest or pasture.
The unique properties of wool allow for the creation of bright and one-of-a-kind items.
For example, you can make a cute toy for yourself or your baby, an applique for creativity, jewelry, interior decorations, and even clothing and accessories.
Imagine a pair of fluffy lambs on your pillow, a small framed photo on the wall, a beautiful necklace that will look great with your new dress, or unique homemade slippers that no one else has...
Translate this from Russian to English:
What does "в ответ на это" mean?
I don't voice my thoughts, I mentally curse you all.
I mentally chop off the heads of all those who didn't give me a place, mentally throw them into a pit and burn all the machines that hinder my way, mentally!
And from the side, I can even smile at you.
But I remember that thought is material!
Peter, Nicholas II did not sign a single death sentence during his reign.
Even to such extremists as Koba and his brigade.
And the bloody Sunday - it's already a fabrication of the Bolsheviks.
Mattress Comfort Line Hard Classic TFK 180x190.
Mattress, hard on both sides.
The natural material of latex coconut fiber does not cause allergic reactions and adds necessary firmness and elasticity to the mattress.
The independent spring block TFK (512 springs per sleeping place) will give you unparalleled comfort and proper support for your spine during sleep.
A cotton jacquard chevron scarf, knitted on 200 grams of yarn.
Hallcon provides protection and comfort.
The maximum load on one sleeping place is 130 kg.
My carriage.
A house for a pony with accessories, in display 6 pieces.
A charming little pony lives in a cozy foldable pink house.
If you open her cottage, you can install a kitchen in one of its halves and a dining table in the other half, placing delicacies for guests on it.
The pony has big beautiful eyes, her mane and tail can be combed with a brush.
The set includes: a 9 cm pony, a rattle, a house (2 halves), an insertable table (2 parts), a kitchen (2 parts), accessories: scissors (2 parts), a heart-shaped cake (2 parts), a soda bottle, 2 glasses, a teapot, a cup, and a plate.
Mattress MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS 90x190x27, weight 27.9 kg.
The alternating layers of latex and hard coconut shell provide an enhanced support for the body.
The MIELLA Duet Cocos-Latex DS mattress can support a weight of up to 170 kg on a single sleeping place without any problems.
However, there is no effect of wave: spouses lying next to each other do not slide towards each other independently of the difference in weight.
The materials from which the model is made have undergone thorough quality control.
They ventilate, don't mold, don't absorb odors.
Thanks to the full circulation of air, a unique microclimate is created, promoting healthy rest.
For securing details, a high-strength thermoclay was used.
The film of Alexander Sokurov's student won the European "Oscar" for the best montage.
The Russian film "Разжимая кулаки" (Nominated for the "Oscar" prize), received a prize from the European Film Academy (also known as the "European "Oscar") in the "Best Editing" category, according to "Moscow Commercial".
The jury of the competition, voting online due to the complicated epidemiological situation, assessed the outstanding craftsmanship of the filmmakers.
The maximum number of awards was received by the film "Where are you going, Aida?" directed by Jasmila Žbanić (Bosnia and Herzegovina) this time.
The main heroine of the tape is a translator at the UN mission who tries to save her family during the war in Yugoslavia.
As for the drama "Разжимая кулаки", directed by Kira Kovalenko (a graduate of Alexander Sokurov's workshop), this film tells about the difficult relationships between the powerful father and the growing children who want to break free from their father's guardianship in North Ossetia.
Earlier it was announced that this film has been nominated for the "Oscar" award as the best foreign-language film.
As regular meetings between the presidents of Russia, Azerbaijan, and Turkey show, in my opinion, you are not on the topic, softly speaking.
Only yesterday, the President of Azerbaijan approved the opening of the joint Azerbaijani-Russian enterprise KamAZ.
