A big return of the Czech loser is imminent.
Pavel Francouz has been called up to the NHL
Czech ice hockey goalkeeper Pavel Francouz, who has been going through a difficult period in his career, is returning to the NHL.
The 31-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could soon find himself in goal.
The former goalkeeper of Litvinov, Plzeň or Chelyabinsk suffered an injury in preparation for the NHL in October of this year.
He was replaced at the halfway mark of the game against Vegas and has not played in the NHL since.
The incident occurred when the experienced goalkeeper was moving from one post to another.
Pavel Francouz will be out of the lineup for approximately three to four weeks with an injury to his lower body, the Avalanche announced at the beginning of October.
His return to the NHL net was extended to more than two months.
He was called up Sunday morning from the farm, where he caught four games and showed his old form.
In the AHL, he had a save percentage of 94.5%.
A product of Plzeň's hockey school, he wants to finally prove that he belongs in the world's best league.
He had problems with his knees in the last season and didn't play a single match in the shortened pandemic season.
In the NHL, "Frank" played 36 games, with a success rate of 92.3%.
Charles puts Camille in a mask for Christmas card, William and Kate pose in Jordan
Prince William and his wife Kate have chosen a family photo taken during a trip to Jordan as their Christmas card this year.
Prince Charles also shared a photo of his wife Camilla helping him put on a face mask during a race.
This was reported by the British news channel BBC on its website.
They send the wishes to friends, colleagues and charities with whom they work.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert.
The Duchess of Cambridge is wearing a long summer dress in khaki and so is Princess Charlotte.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is wearing shorts and a polo shirt just like Prince George and Louis.
Who took the photo is not known, nor is it clear when it was taken.
Last year, the royal family posed for a photograph intended as a Christmas greeting in front of a pile of straw in front of a pile of logs at their country estate in Norfolk.
The picture, which will serve as a Christmas greeting, was also posted by the heir to the throne, Prince Charles, and his wife Camilla.
Photographer Sam Hussein captured him at Ascot races in June.
Charles, who is wearing a cylinder and a face mask, helps Camille put on her mask, which matches her pale dress.
According to efotbal.cz, Slavia promised Berbro a million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
Prague - In the current corruption scandal, investigators are said to have worked on the assumption that Roman Berbr, the former vice-president of the Czech Football Association, had been promised a million crowns from Slavia Prague for the league title in the 2018/19 season.
The server efotbal.cz reported that it had obtained a part of the police files.
The chairman of the board of directors of the Vršovice club, Jaroslav Tvrdík, said that the white-and-reds did not engage in any corrupt practices.
The server published a transcript of police recordings, in which Slavia's former sporting director Jan Nezmar, who left the club last summer, features prominently.
The former influential functionary of the red-white club was, according to the file, in frequent contact with both Berbre and Roman Rogoz, the former sporting director of then second-tier Vysehrad, who is also implicated in the case.
The police allegedly worked with the information that Slavia had promised Berbrovi a financial reward for winning the title.
In 2019, the SK Slavia Prague team won the first league title.
The police agency had knowledge that Roman (Berbr) was to receive a million-dollar bribe from the SK Slavia Prague functionaries, the server quoted from the file.
The next day, according to criminal investigators, Berbr not only met with Nezmar, but also with Slavia's chairman of the board, Tvrdík.
The website does not state whether the police are still investigating this information.
Tvrdík denied any corruption.
In the years 2015-2017, we actively tried to change the situation in Czech football and offered an opposing alternative to its development.
We have never engaged in any illegal activity, we have not tried to influence the referees in violation of the rules of fair play, and we have not provided any financial compensation in this regard," Tvrdík told Seznam Zprávy.
In the leaked conversations, Nezmar is rude to some of Slavia's former black players and also slanders his former boss, Tvrdík.
The case of alleged match-fixing through referees was sparked by a police raid in mid-October last year, which took place at several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
Berbr is the highest-ranking figure in the affair, and he is no longer involved in any football role.
In mid-January, Rogoz was released from custody, just like the former sports director of Vyšehrad.
Helicopters, tanks and BVPs are larping the Cold War.
The guns will be new, but of a worse type (the gunners have to fire from a pancéřované cabin and load the shells by hand without protection).
The cars - Toyota Hi-Lux - are new and good
Trucks and armoured vehicles - at a decent level, and Praga V3S has already been eliminated from specialised units.
Aircraft: combat - good, but at the end of the lease, transport - too small with short range, but modern.
Drones - few and small types without combat potential
Rockets - we don't have any (but we are producing and exporting them abroad)
PVO: Medium - Cold War, obsolete; Short Range - Good, modern, relatively good numbers.
I have a story like that.
The hunting ground is right next to the city.
The nutria were climbing out of the river and doing damage to the crops, so I was there to sit on them.
When I came, I saw a fisherman on the other side of the river.
I didn't want to make a mess, so I sat down quietly and the guy didn't notice me.
I hoped he would go away before anything came out, but of course the fox came out soon after.
I let her come to 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
The poor fisherman almost pissed his pants, waving his headlamp in all directions, so I called out to him that it was a fox.
Before I got down from the saddle, it was gone.
That is, a man's field can be a prude.
On the other hand, it is not a war, it would take a lot of coincidences for something to happen, you would probably be seen by thermal imaging, which is available to almost everyone today.
So, put your expensive stuff in your sleeping bag and you'll be fine.
Vojtěch versus Hamáček.
Interior Ministry secured respirators at a much lower price than the Ministry of Health
The state responsible for purchasing and distributing masks, face masks and respirators to professions closest to the coronavirus has spent billions of crowns on their procurement in recent weeks.
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that the amounts for respirators varied by hundreds of crowns on a single day.
Why did prices move so dramatically?
Which authorities behaved frugally?
And why did others pay more?
Lenka Kabrhelová is speaking with Dominika Kubištová, a reporter for the iRozhlas website.
I respect the soldiers and the army (I am probably not affected by memories of the ČSLA, which the older generations went through), but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
We don't have a lot of technical equipment for the reservists to train on, we don't even have modern equipment for the current professionals, and modern equipment is getting more and more complicated, so the reservists' skills will rapidly decline over time.
Modern conventional conflicts, where you can deploy whoever you want, will happen very quickly, and there won't be time to train anyone again.
And finally, reserve/territorial defense forces are of great importance for countries like Ukraine, where it is necessary to lead a mass guerrilla and it is also a matter of deterring the enemy.
In the territory of the Czech Republic, the struggle can only be won in a conflict of such magnitude and intensity, where the guerrilla will be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for that.
We don't have individual skills.
That's not even the worst.
The worst thing is that half of them are playing as if they had it.
Then such situations arise, where you look like a hero, who 2 minutes ago missed an empty goal, and you drive into the attack alone between 2 or even 3 Swiss players and say to yourself "well, and what do you think is going to happen now?".
Of course they will take him as an average taxpayer.
The situation with this skill "to provoke the defender" is so bad that I am honestly surprised when I see that our attacker managed to beat one of the opponent's players.
First birds of a feather
The pandemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any major breakthroughs in the coming weeks.
The pressure on hospitals is expected to continue for some time according to statistical models, and a new unknown has been added to the pandemic equation: the omicron variant, which is very likely to spread faster than the currently prevalent Delta.
At the same time, it is not yet possible to say with absolute certainty whether it can cause a more serious course of the disease, to what extent vaccination or post-infection immunity acquired from previous infection can help.
This week, however, an unexpected phenomenon has entered the equation on the plus side: the possibility of treatment.
A new drug, molnupiravir, has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third and can be taken at home.
Paxlovid, a drug from the company Pfizer, is also expected to be available soon, with a success rate of up to 85 percent.
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how the administration is prepared for the arrival of new drugs.
As mentioned, the first to reach Czech patients will be molnupiravir from Merck.
The company was first to the finish line because it had been developing the drug for a long time before the current pandemic to find a suitable treatment for equine viral disease in South America.
This study often overlooks the fact that people in the West (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
They are generally less open and less willing to share their views.
On the other hand, Eastern Europeans, and especially we Czechs, are used to speaking "as our tongues grew."
You do a poll and ask people if they like Muslims.
In Czechia, most people will tell you that they don't.
In the West, they will tell you how much they love migration, how they all should help and how we, the Czechs, are racist bastards.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
They fear cancel culture, saying this in public means losing your job and being lynched by the media.
Then, in the polls, it looks good, the West is good, the East is bad.
But will they really find out what people think?
After all, in France, Le Pen and Zemmour both have over 20% in the polls.
We even know that the objects are three and completely identical.
Identical for the same reason that units are rotated so that soldiers don't have to learn where everything is all over again, all the buildings are identical.
One is the Atom Museum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
It is funny that the USSR did not want to have nuclear warheads on its own territory for security or speed reasons, due to its western location.
In the underground bunkers (there are two in each javelin) the warheads were stored, not the entire missile as is said.
If it was necessary to deploy this weapon, a special unit would arrive, pick up the warhead and mount it onto some kind of carrier.
The other trees are in a deplorable state.
In the second grade of primary school, we had a classmate, Cigán, who was with us for 4 years.
He was pretty cool, he made some good jokes, he was a little over the top, but he was our mascot.
He was liked by everyone, he often came, he wanted to explain something, he was missing little, he came regularly, he devoted himself to sports with us, he did not steal snacks or phones, he came neatly dressed.
He went on school trips, did all sorts of monkey business, but he was always fine, I don't think he ever had a disaster.
In the 8th or 9th grade, the siblings, the Roma, entered the same class.
Soon after, they beat up a teacher, and the police were often called to deal with them, they threatened and intimidated other students.
I sometimes sell something on an ad (old things, things I don't need, etc.) and I've sold it to the Gypsies many times, they always have the money, they don't try to pull me on the price, the communication is calm.
I even sold a car this way, a guy called me up a month later to say he'd done the transfer.
I say myself that I'm not a racist, I don't care if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or whatever, as long as they behave in a decent manner (work, function, don't beat women, etc.).
But if someone comes, stretches out their hand, rents out apartments and houses, only leaves a mess around them, causes problems... then it doesn't matter what colour they are, I will not like them.
I have no problem with African migrants if they get involved, start a business, work, learn the language (not necessarily, at least English), respect our culture.
I don't care if they believe in Allah, as long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will respect theirs.
A young woman died in a car crash in Prachatice
A young woman suffered serious multiple injuries and despite resuscitation efforts she died at the scene, said Zuzana Fajtlová, the spokesperson for the South Bohemian health rescue service.
The accident was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
The 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot car was probably travelling in the direction of the village of Žíchovec towards the village of Bavorov and, for as yet unknown reasons, drove in the wrong direction in a bend.
After colliding with a Skoda Octavia, the Peugeot ended up on its roof outside the road, according to a spokesperson for the South Bohemian police, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
The young Peugeot driver suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
It was a multiple injury and he was trapped in the car.
After being freed, he had to receive emergency pre-hospital care and was airlifted to a hospital in České Budějovice in a stable condition, said Fajtlová.
She added that the man in the second car suffered minor chest injuries and was taken to hospital.
New rules for packages from non-EU countries, customers often fail to provide details
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
He mainly collects trading cards.
Usually it can be dozens of dollars, let's say from ten dollars upwards, where it still makes sense to import from Japan, where postage is often free, the collector explains.
Since October, ordering small parcels has become slightly more expensive, as they have to add VAT and pass on the details of the customs procedure to the post office.
He receives an email informing him that customs expects the package to arrive.
Then, all you have to do is fill in the details of the shipment, and if the seller did not include VAT in the price, the customs office will calculate it from the total amount for the shipment and delivery.
In the case that the recipient does not arrange for customs clearance themselves, the total amount must also include the shipping company's fee.
However, according to Lukáš Neuheisl, the whole process is not complicated.
I click one or two checkboxes, attach two files, and I'm done.
For me, it's usually a five-minute question, Neuheisl says.
Not all deliveries go smoothly.
Due to new customs regulations, the number of international parcels received at the Prague post office fell from 60,000 to 15,000 per day.
The Czech Post also has a problem with people not responding to requests for information needed to complete customs procedures.
At the moment, we have 30,000 parcels to process.
If people filled in all the information that is needed and did so on time, we would be about halfway here, says Matyáš Vitík, a spokesperson for Česká pošta.
Solving inflation
What would you suggest as a solution to the current inflation?
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and expect further growth.
What do you think the state should do to slow down or offset this growth?
We see, for example, the reduction of VAT on food and petrol in Poland, is this the way for you?
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with where things are heading?
Prices are rising faster than wages, and I think it is inevitable that people will not be able to afford everyday things, especially energy.
How much did you get, for example, added (who is an employee)?
This year they added 2% to my gross, which is a slap in the face, but fortunately I have a similar income from my business, which I run on the side.
Could someone please explain to me why proven violent offenders are sent to prison for only six months?
I just can't get my head around this, how a court can send such an animal to jail for just 6 months, only to let it out again as soon as it is released.
6 months is nothing in comparison to the victim having PTSD for years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and relationships in general.
And that's not even mentioning the fact that the victim of rape may never recover from that.
Will this not also deter potential future victims from coming forward?
The man from Hrob "burned" his girlfriend in Kostomlaty
The man from Hrob unwittingly helped the police to apprehend his nationally wanted girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom a warrant of arrest had been issued.
He himself had summoned her.
He went about it in a roundabout way.
He first approached a passerby and invented a story that he had been robbed.
When the guard called the emergency number, the alleged "robbed" person told the guard that he had made it all up so that the guard would come to the scene.
In fact, he just wanted to know how he should report the incident to the Police of the Czech Republic.
When the identity of the man and his girlfriend was checked, the guards discovered that the woman was on the wanted list and that there was a nationwide search for her. A warrant for her arrest was issued.
The case is therefore being handled by the police.
Honest question for people here, do you consider our country to be Slavic?
I personally believe that the Slavs are no longer ethnically or culturally Slavic, but I would like to hear your opinion.
I agree with the meme, it's a shame that Churchill didn't manage to secure the liberation of Prague by the USA :')
Of course, we have a Slavic language.
I don't know, it's quite a question whether a rational person can really believe something completely without evidence just because it might be beneficial.
I would not consider this to be true faith.
I cannot agree with Pascale here, there are probably around ten thousand different religions in the world.
Which god or gods should a person then choose?
I would say that it is quite likely that in one of those thousands of religions there is at least one god who will punish you severely if you believe in a different god.
After all, the Ten Commandments say that there is no other god but Yahweh.
Wouldn't it therefore be more rational to refrain from believing in any god at all than to risk picking the wrong one out of all those thousands and ending up in hell or some other such place?
Others: Voluntary training followed by reserve service.
The Swiss model is probably similar.
X months of training (in different specializations, X months in one) and under the command of professionals with practical experience.
If you do well, you can get a professional offer.
Such a thing would be useful to all the branches of the AČR.
It could be done in cooperation with the Defence University.
We can say this: There is always talk of the cooperation between the educational sector and industry, companies are fishing in schools and there is some kind of overlap, where the labour force is migrating from educational institutions to employment contracts.
Not just in adolescence, but this process is always going on, each of us is always learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
The same blending should work between the civilian and military sectors.
I also see it as a way of building a relationship between the citizen and the army, which is an institution that guarantees that no Russian, German or Mongolian invader will ever invade here again.
I find it funny that you consider NATO to be carved in stone, we have allies and they will protect us if things go wrong.
Well, pardon my French.
All it takes is one election in the US and they will shrink their budget and the whole NATO will go down the drain.
The English will trade us for Russian money, the Germans will trade us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that they are willing to take what they want by turning their backs on us.
The only thing that has long-term worked as a guarantee of independence is the well-armed army and the population that knows how to operate the military technology of its time.
And today, every teenager can pilot remotely controlled devices, so why not?
We don't need a border fortification, that's a thing of the past, but a nasty teenager armed with a remote-controlled device will be able to handle it.
How to drown in a box tsunami
You open your presents under the Christmas tree and suddenly you're surrounded by boxes and packing materials?
This "waste" is being reused by e-shops, which are short of packaging materials.
Therefore, a map of shops that will welcome your used boxes has been created.
Not just at Christmas.
All packaging is designed to withstand repeated handling.
Therefore, it is a shame to treat them as one-time waste.
Anyone can bring in cardboard boxes (there are nearly 150 of them on the KAMsNIM.cz project map), plastic or paper inserts.
This will help small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created, and avoid overcrowded blue bins.
The stores themselves welcome the packaging, which is currently in short supply, and also the savings, since the cardboard packaging has increased in price by 50% over the last period.
In the eyes of ecologically minded customers, this also strengthens my brand.
One of these is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-friendly cosmetics and eco-friendly cleaning products.
The boxes and packing material are delivered to Popůvky near Brno by individuals who have accumulated them at home, but we also receive calls from companies who have arranged regular collections of discarded cardboard boxes.
We will use it for packaging our e-shop shipments.
Thanks to individuals and companies, we are creating a more considerate world.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Tierry.
The www.KAMsNIM.cz application, however, not only shows collection points for packaging.
It serves as a search engine if you need to get rid of something (where to take household waste, where to dispose of expired medicines, tyres, used electrical appliances, batteries, light sources, large-volume waste, etc.).
This way, all waste can end up in the right place, and reusable items can find their second home.
The map of the project already contains over 100,000 such places.
Over time, more and more recycling yards, re-use centres, textile collection bins, food banks, charity shops, SWAPs and other places that help find a use for things that would otherwise become waste are being added to the app, says Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the app from the Ukliďme Česko association.
I find it more worrying that in today's world, technology is so simple and user-friendly that children who use a computer or a phone to play games don't learn basic computer skills.
Recently, there has been a problem (especially in English articles) that students at universities do not understand the principle of components on the computer.
Because, for example, Google Photos or Apple's photo app or, in general, mobile phones just hide the underlying filesystem with the folders and put everything on one screen in the app.
They can use the technique from childhood, but above all they should learn something.
Let's rewrite history, seriously
Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French presidency of the EU, which begins in January, and it was grand.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he unveiled the logo of the presidency, called for the protection of Europeans - at work and on the street - and mentioned so many events that they cannot be completed in half a year.
French politicians like it that way and so do the voters.
Macron's supporters are divided on almost everything, but they are united on one thing: Europe.
And in France, there will be new presidential elections in April.
The election calendar has also influenced the priorities.
The French leader, in particular, mentioned that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to create the conditions for such work of historians.
A number of commentators immediately jumped in to criticise Macron for his pro-European propaganda and rewriting of history.
In fact, they are trying to prevent the rewriting of history.
The far-right candidate for the French presidency, Éric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the claim that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and is having some success with it.
Let's take Macron's idea of a single history textbook seriously and not look at what is happening in France.
Would it be necessary?
Students in European countries are taught history as a story of us versus them, and never as a story of the whole.
The Spaniards, the French, and the Czechs are learning who beat whom in which battle.
But if they don't have a wise teacher, they won't know the wider context of the event.
The film of the year is Quo vadis, Aida?
The Czech "Mice" did not win.
The story, which returns to the Srebrenica massacre of 1995, also won awards for Best Director and Best Actress, Jasna Duričić.
At this year's Karlovy Vary Film Festival, he was at the top of the audience ratings.
Anthony Hopkins won the best actor award in Berlin for the film Father.
I'm not very young, I'm not very healthy/fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
It was like having the flu/being under the weather. For a few days I had diarrhea and didn't really feel like smoking...
It was worse than a regular flu.
I don't have diarrhea with the flu.
This is just my personal experience. I am not saying that this is the case for everyone.
Christmas book recommendations
The Christmas double issue, which will be published on December 20, will include the traditional literary supplement.
And along with it, cultural tips will also be published.
These books are being added to this digital edition as a bonus for our subscribers, so that you have enough time to buy the books as Christmas presents.
Prose texts that follow on from the previous similar collection by Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
Another helping of observation and description of everyday things with extraordinary poetic awareness, depth and atmosphere.
In his second novel, photographer Šesták tried to capture the essence of small-town life and Czech society.
A tale of returning to the roots, which turns out to be just a longed-for illusion.
A bohemist and comparatist transfers the fairy tale of Little Red Riding Hood to the setting of a contemporary village.
Its brutality surpasses the popular versions and culminates in a horror of emotional emptiness.
And that the path back to instincts is shorter than people are willing to admit
The author tells a much less sentimental story about the return from emigration in his last novel than we are used to.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about each other to make a life together.
Trains are running according to the new timetable, some carriers have changed
From Sunday, trains will be running according to a new timetable.
The biggest change is the replacement of the carriers on some routes, for example between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet is replacing České dráhy.
For most lines, only the time of departure will be changed, or the route will be slightly altered.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
The transport companies started selling tickets during the autumn.
České dráhy plan to run an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day in the new timetable, with an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
The trains will cover approximately 118 million kilometres during the new timetable.
The trains alongside the domestic connections within the new timetable will also run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
The company, together with the new timetable, will introduce dozens of new trains.
The main new feature will be InterJet trains, which will run between Prague and Cheb.
The company will also launch new trains in the north of Moravia and in western Bohemia.
The transport company will also traditionally increase fares from next year, by an average of 3.2 per cent.
Railways take inflation into account in their tariffs every year.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of the R23 line between Ústí nad Labem, Mělník, Nymburk and Kolín.
The carrier will replace České dráhy here after its success in the Ministry of Transportation's competition.
RegioJet will run a total of 16 trains a day, eight in each direction.
Other changes involve long-distance trains between Prague and Brno, which will stop at stations in Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou and Kolín from Sunday.
Leo Express kept its 16 routes, two return journeys to Slovakia and also the weekend service to Krakow.
According to spokesman Emil Sedlář, the carrier tried to keep the timetables of its long-distance trains as similar as possible, despite the planned maintenance work.
The operation of Arriva trains and other carriers should continue without major changes.
The carriers will also change on some regional routes.
Passengers can expect changes, for example, in the region of Českolipsko, where trains from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk will be replaced by Trilex trains from the German company Die Länderbahn.
Passengers will also be able to use the single fare for rail travel for the second year in a row.
Just like at České dráhy, their price will be increased by 3.2 per cent due to inflation.
I must disagree.
Are we not learning the other side of the story?
We hear everywhere how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to work hard, die.
I have never heard a sermon preached from the point of view of the slaveholding side or from that time, no one is defending it, they are just condemning it.
No one will tell you in schools that blacks were often sold into slavery by blacks and that they were often the worst slave owners.
No one will teach you at school that the colonisers often bought the land from the Indians, but they will only tell you how brutally we, the Europeans, exterminated them, while they were killing each other long before.
I have also spent some time in the US, at schools, both in the north and in the south.
I have not encountered anyone deliberately suppressing facts, but I have heard that it happens and I think it is a problem (in Japan, for example, the atrocities of WWII are taboo).
My point was more that history is not black and white, and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
History is not concerned with people's feelings, it is just what it is, and I think it is a fatal mistake to condemn people without looking at the facts of the time.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and never repeat it.
By the way, when we are talking about Southern states, yes, the confederate flag and famous slave owners are quite popular, but they also had some of their own good successes, and it seemed absurd to me to dismiss them.
Moreover, the North was not much better than it is today, when many people idealize it.
And a lot of people forget that not all Southerners were slave owners, and a lot of things bothered them too.
I would not compare this with the Russians, they deliberately leave out some facts, lie and manipulate, and our point of view does not exist (there was a video on YT from a TV channel, where they cut off someone who started talking about our legionnaires and 1968).
What I found ridiculous in US schools was the rise of Marxism and idealization of communism, something their country never experienced.
In general, I found that at some universities it was quite shocking, those students were quite radicalised and those universities often supported them.
And when I think about how these people will be much older one day, it makes me a little sad to think that this could be the voice of the majority, because there are so many young people and even in the ruling elite.
I think that feminism has already achieved what it wanted to achieve and it is no longer about the same thing. It has become radicalised.
At present, those who call themselves feminists are those who have nothing to do with it and ignore the basic biological fact, and this leads to radicalization on the other side, which often leads to resistance even to quite reasonable things.
Moreover, the more radical someone is, the more they are heard.
Anyway, at the end of the day, I haven't come across anyone who has condemned me for colonialism or slavery.
I've met bad geography, but it was a two-way street :D
Not because I don't like it here, but because I think it's completely pointless.
Should I be proud of something I couldn't do on my own?
Moreover, I consider the concept of nationality as a whole to be unnecessary from a personal identity point of view.
If there is one thing that binds me to people, it is our interests, our views of the world and our shared experiences, not where we were born.
I am not a believer, but from what I know, I can tell you this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes, one Ukrainian and one Slovak.
That Slovak priest is a really nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than politics, but then he always manages to slip in some bullshit about the coronavirus, and everyone is embarrassed.
Then there is, of course, the Czechoslovak Church of the Hussites.
Officially they are Protestants, but in fact they were born out of Catholic modernism and are effectively Catholic without a pope.
I know a lot of Catholics who go to the Hussites' services because it is theologically very similar, but the members are generally more liberal.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická Street.
Otherwise, the Church of St. Michael on the Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans, and there is a mass in Latin there every Sunday at 3 p.m., as it was before Vatican II.
The flame of Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the scouts have taken it from Austria
Břeclav - The flame that was lit in Bethlehem, where, according to Christian tradition, Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
The scouts did not go to Vienna this time either, due to the pandemic of the coronavirus. In the morning, they received it from their Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal – Břeclav.
They also took it over the border last year.
The Bethlehem light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we participate in every year, and I am looking forward to it a lot.
It is an honour for me to be chosen, said scout Amálie Budíková to the assembled journalists.
While last year the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov-Drasenhofen, directly on the border bridge, this year it took place at the border crossing Reintal-Břeclav at the car park.
Usually, the scouts travel by train to Vienna.
Nothing changes in the delivery of the torch across the Czech Republic.
The scouts traditionally travel by train first to Brno, where they will hand over the Bethlehem candle to Vojtěch Cikrle, the diocesan bishop.
On Saturday 18 December, scout couriers will take care of the distribution of the light, travelling on selected express trains and personal trains.
The light will be taken over by local scouts or volunteers, who will then spread the flame across the Czech Republic, even to places where the tracks do not go.
This year, scouts must follow the current measures against the spread of the coronavirus.
It's going the same way as last year.
We are giving recommendations to courier teams and organizers of local events to, of course, wear masks, keep a distance, be as few as possible, not to sing to their colleagues, and generally to behave in such a way as to make it as safe as possible, said Zuzana Hrbková, spokesperson for the Bethlehem Light event.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light, which travels across Europe, was born in Austria in 1986.
The aim is to spread the idea of peace, friendship and harmony at the same time as the flame.
The Bethlehem light is a symbol of hope, light that overcomes darkness for believers.
In the Czech Republic, scouts and scoutettes have been spreading the message for more than 30 years.
The event is based on the work of hundreds of volunteers, and the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human solidarity.
All the latest news, including a list of places where people can come to collect a candle, can be found on the website www.betlemskesvetlo.cz.
I don't have an economics education, so I don't know the basics of economics that confirm that subsidies are a cancer on the economy, but I don't think subsidies as a whole would be a problem.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water retention), healthcare and education will make good use of those funds, I just don't understand why those funds are going to agriculture, industry and companies in general.
As mentioned, it produces a superfluous product and disrupts the free market and "the natural life of the company".
I work in a factory where there are a million posters saying "XY is funded/co-funded by XY project" and such a company is just artificially kept alive.
This is not support for a company that provides jobs to x people, this is slowing down the development when this company is holding on and taking away orders/employees from companies that could grow and be more productive after its demise.
I totally agree, it's awful.
Sometimes even people who were born in the internet age get caught up in some trick or trap - especially advertising.
I think that online advertising doesn't affect me, but then I get caught out that it does - it's just so sophisticated that you can't avoid it.
That is why I support radical voices in the European Parliament, which currently want to impose an absolute ban on programmatic (=targeted) advertising...
It's all bullshit, in the words of a classic - I would ban the internet.
I feel that this virus has its roots in (but mostly in point 1):
1. "I will not believe something that the majority believes in and makes sense, I am not a sheep, I will rather believe something that is less likely to make sense, but it is important that I will have my own original opinion about which I will claim that it is critical thinking"
2. "I'm not going to believe everything the media says"
3. "I don't trust politicians"
Television has fallen in line with the trend of Christmas movies, this year there will be two hundred of them
Los Angeles - Cinemas, television stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have succumbed to the trend of Christmas movies and this year will premiere a record-breaking more than two hundred of them.
This was calculated by the operator of the film database IMDb.
The genre of Christmas family and romantic films has been a hit with the audience in recent years, and this has led to an increase in the number of such films.
This year, four times as many Christmas movies were made as in 2011 and twice as many as five years ago.
The IMDb database, however, included only those films that have the word Christmas (Christmas) in their title, so in reality there are many more festive films.
Traditional Christmas movies have always existed.
In the Czech Republic, fairy tales are associated with this period, and worldwide, films such as Home Alone, Love Actually, and the classic Christmas film It's a Wonderful Life from 1946 are popular.
The real boom in Christmas movies, however, didn't start until 2009, when the American cable channel Hallmark launched a special film series, recalled the BBC.
Her Christmas project Countdown to Christmas (Countdown to Christmas) at the time included four films and was very successful.
This year, the station started to prepare its viewers for Christmas as early as 22 October and will present a total of 42 Christmas movies.
Competitor Lifetime has 35 new Christmas-themed movies on its schedule this year, and the total is boosted by popular streaming platforms such as Netflix.
In this magical time of year, the story doesn't matter so much, what's important is that there are a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," said Brandon Gray, author of the book I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies (On Christmas Movies).
For the audience, it's a form of escapism and a way to feel a little bit of calm in the midst of all the festive madness and the madness of the world we've been living in for the last few years," Gray added.
According to him, for example, Hallmark uses the same recipe for its films, which is uniform but successful.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then there is some misunderstanding about half an hour before the end of the film, which is resolved, and the two of them kiss.
It's always going to be like that, and as long as all the movies look the same and have the same atmosphere, people are going to watch them one after the other, Gray adds.
Mazepin had a positive Covid-19 test, he will not participate in the final F1 race.
Only nineteen drivers will take part in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
Nikita Mazepin tested positive for Covid-19 and will miss the final race of the season.
The Haas team will only send one car onto the track.
He was aiming for a better finish than his 20th place in qualifying.
Russian driver Nikita Mazepin from the Haas team will not be competing in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
He was, after all, tested positive for COVID-19.
Only 19 cars will be on the starting grid, with Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher starting from the last position, and Max Verstappen starting from the first position, where he will face Lewis Hamilton in a direct battle for the title.
Mazepin is reportedly feeling fine and is showing no symptoms.
Nikita is physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
She is now in isolation and will follow the guidance of the relevant public health authorities, with safety the overriding priority for all involved," her representatives told Formula1.com.
Haas will not send a substitute driver to the race, nor can it.
In that case, the substitute would have to qualify or race in another part of the weekend.
The first competitor is not dealing with COVID-19.
Kimi Räikkönen tested positive for Covid-19 at the start of the season, while Sergio Pérez and Lewis Hamilton tested positive last year.
They can lock you up for that.
And everyone will be robbed, the boss said.
According to the law, Covid is on the list of infectious diseases.
That is, in the same group as HIV, plague, hepatitis or typhus.
Section 152 - Spreading a contagious human disease
1. Whoever intentionally causes or increases the danger of introducing or spreading an infectious disease among humans shall be punished by imprisonment for six months to three years, by deprivation of liberty, by prohibition of activity, or by confiscation of property.
(2) The perpetrator will be punished by imprisonment for two years to eight years,
c) if he commits such an act in the course of his employment, profession, position or office, or in accordance with the law, or
d) if it causes grievous bodily harm.
(3) The perpetrator shall be punished by deprivation of liberty for three years to ten years, if the perpetrator caused severe injury to the health of at least two persons or death by the act referred to in paragraph 1.
(4) The perpetrator will be punished by deprivation of liberty for a period of five to twelve years if he causes the death of at least two persons by means of the act referred to in paragraph 1.
Quiz: Why failing companies are often run by women, and what the boss can never ask of you
The gender pay gap, i.e. the wage disparity between men and women, is one of the highest in the EU in the Czech Republic.
Where are the differences the greatest?
And in which age group and in which sector do women earn the least money compared to men?
Test your knowledge of unequal pay.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds: The price tag of the most expensive jumper will amaze you!
It's a bit like a portable jewellery shop and the creator put half a year of work and all his savings into it.
I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but little experience, sweaters weren't worn much at home," admits Liban, who spent 3,000 hours over the course of a year working on his creation.
The silk was bought in Italy, the 24-carat gold thread in France, and the 2,000 decorative crystals were supplied by Swarowski.
The silver stars were then adorned with 150 diamonds.
The base is wool and cotton, but silk gives the scarf its softness, says the creator, who does not recommend washing it.
And there's a catch.
I'm completely broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible," admits Liban.
If successful, it will set a world record.
The most expensive sweater ever sold, which was sold five years ago, cost "only" 720,000 Czech crowns.
It doesn't matter much if the MZ is detached from reality - it just leaves the faulty circuit board and replaces it with a new one.
The fact is that FB's departure from Europe would be very helpful to its non-Russian part (it's just a matter of bad luck).
I think it would clean up the social climate.
In addition, the channels of "Soviet fraternal assistance" to some of our political parties and representatives would be better clarified.
Then people who vote for them should also be clear about whose interests they are actually serving.
It's a shame they don't own TikTok.
A lot of teenagers would suddenly be surprised to find out that the sun actually shines outside...
Trump directly encouraged torture, and now he's reaping what he's sown.
On the situation in the US with a leading African-American reporter.
New cases of police brutality are being exposed in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
Protests that erupted after the killing of George Floyd by a police officer during an arrest have opened a debate about systemic racism, police work and cases of brutality against minorities in the United States.
Lenka Kabrhelova talks to one of the leading African-American journalists, Adam Serwer, a reporter for The Atlantic.
But how would that funding be increased?
The Union is pumping money into us through subsidies.
If it stops, we will stop having those money.
I really don't see how it would be that the union would stop giving us money and that we would use that money for something else...
You can say that the money from those subsidies could be used better, but that is a completely different discussion.
Is it possible for a restaurant not to pay taxes?
Is it even possible for a pub to cut its taxes?
After all, if some meat passes a veterinary check, it must be recorded somewhere, right?
Prazdroj and Jelínek probably do not produce special alcohol for the black market.
However, I still often get no receipt or they take it back and throw it away.
The government approved the sending of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Soldiers, scouts and drone pilots could be deployed before Christmas, as the mission has been approved for six months.
They are to help their Polish colleagues with the protection of the border with Belarus and the construction of the planned fence.
Poland has officially asked for help from NATO member states in connection with the Belarusian regime's actions, which have been going on for several months, inviting citizens of Middle Eastern countries with a false promise of an easy crossing of the EU border.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
The mutation of Omikron is spreading in the south of Moravia?
The health authorities are investigating another case of a child from Adamov.
At the moment, we have another suspected case of this variant in another child from Adam's preparatory class.
There is no direct contact with the previous cases from ZŠ Adamov," said Ciupek.
There were six cases in the region this week.
We are still waiting for the official confirmation of the variant in our six cases - it is being done by the National Reference Laboratory for Influenza and Non-Influenza Viruses at the State Health Institute in Prague, said the director.
She added that it was two nurses from one workplace at the Brno General Hospital and two children of one of them, as well as two 11-year-old pupils from ZŠ Adamov.
There is no connection between the cases in Brno and Adamov.
Three of them have mild symptoms, four have no symptoms.
No one suspected of having the Omikron variant travelled abroad
None of the people listed traveled abroad, nor did anyone in their families, nor did they come into contact with anyone who had traveled abroad.
None of the people mentioned have any connection to the water polo championship, Ciupek said.
The main hygienist Pavla Svrčinová previously said that the international water polo tournament in Brno, which took place a few weeks ago, was being investigated.
There were also players from South Africa and one Belgian player became ill after returning home.
California to limit gun sales.
It wants to follow Texas's lead on abortion bans.
California Governor Gavin Newsom on Saturday announced a plan to ban the sale and manufacture of certain firearms in the nation's most populous state using the same legal mechanism Texas used in its controversial abortion law.
People would then be able to sue anyone in California who manufactures or sells assault weapons or homemade firearms.
Newsom's announcement came in response to Friday's ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court, which upheld a Texas ban on abortion, even though it goes against a nearly 50-year-old precedent that established the right to abortion nationwide until about 24 weeks of pregnancy.
However, the court did not rule on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical issue that arises from the innovative construction of the measure.
The enforcement of the ban was, in this case, transferred to the public, thus preventing the Texas Republicans from attacking it through the usual judicial channels.
I am outraged by yesterday's (Friday's) U.S. Supreme Court decision to uphold Texas' ban on most abortion services and largely endorse Texas' maneuver to protect its law," California Governor Gavin Newsom said.
If states can now block federal courts from reviewing their laws, California will use that power to protect human life," Newsom continued.
He reportedly tasked his subordinates to work with the state parliament and the justice minister to come up with a measure that would allow representatives of the public to enforce the ban on assault rifles and so-called ghost guns.
This is how homemade weapons are referred to, which do not have serial numbers and which can be used to circumvent regulations.
Newsom wants to give "private citizens" the right to seek damages of at least $10,000 (over 220,000 Kč) and legal fees from anyone who makes, distributes or sells assault weapons, ghost gun parts or kits to make them in California.
If the most effective way to keep these horrific weapons off our streets is to create a private lawsuit, then that's exactly what we should do," California Governor Gavin Newsom said.
The Associated Press notes that California has banned the manufacture and sale of certain military-style weapons for decades, but a federal judge blocked the state's ban as unconstitutional in June.
If the state were to actually reinstate the ban using the Texas model, it would confirm the words of Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, who in a dissenting opinion to the majority verdict on Friday warned against the expansion of the legal mechanism to other American states.
However, the Supreme Court did not grant Texas a complete immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against selected officials in the southern US state.
Every emergency vaccination has a public testing phase, where the vaccination scheme is gradually worked out and the vaccines are improved on the basis of the results.
For example, from Israel, there are already large-scale studies on the effects of the 4th dose.
And according to these studies, the antibodies in most patients are increased by a factor of five, which has the long-term effect you mentioned.
Just like any other vaccination, it will have its own vaccination schedule, but it is too early for that.
Another fact is that a new vaccine, based on inactivated virus, is expected to come on the market soon, which according to the manufacturer's specifications promises up to 10 times greater effectiveness.
Leave the amount of material as it is.
But to rethink what is being taught.
Since the days of Marie Theresa, our civilization and technology have advanced a little and learning phone numbers and copying textbooks into notebooks doesn't make much sense and is a waste of time.
There is a lot of room for savings in these matters.
On the other hand, how many people leave school with some basic financial literacy?
And what else will he need to survive?
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
Do you know of any online services in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
We have Netbox at home and I pay for the Telly sports package for Spanish and English football leagues.
This does not include the UEFA Champions League.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change my TV and internet provider.
Poland threatens to block EU budget payments
According to Ziobro, the European Commission would be acting in violation of the law if it used its new powers to stop payments to Poland due to the dispute over the rule of law.
The commission has already postponed approval of Poland's plan to tap 36 billion euros ($42 billion) from the EU's recovery fund to revive economies hit by the COVID-19 pandemic.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to move ahead and use the mechanism allowing the withdrawal of EU funds from countries violating the principles of the rule of law.
Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU by vetoing all matters that require unanimity, said Ziobro, the leader of the small Solidarity party, whose votes are needed to keep the current government in power.
Poland should also consider its commitments to the EU's energy and climate policy, which have led to a drastic increase in energy prices, added Ziobro.
If the dispute continues, I will demand that Poland stop its contributions to the EU.
It would be justified given that the EU is illegally withholding funds from the common budget, which we also contribute to, added the Polish minister.
His party takes a more radical stance on the EU than the governing Law and Justice party.
According to the European Commission, the changes that have taken place in the Polish judiciary under Ziobro's leadership threaten its independence and put it at the mercy of politicians.
Brussels is setting "impossible conditions," Ziobro said, "because its goal is not the rule of law, but changing the government in Poland."
Warsaw is facing "political blackmail by means of extortion and an attempt to undermine the democratic decision of several million Poles," Ziobro also said.
He said Poland should be a member of such an EU, which is based on the partnership of sovereign states, and not on the rule of the strongest and the Brussels bureaucracy, which is not under democratic control.
He said his party would never accept such concessions from Brussels that would limit Poland's sovereignty.
We will never agree to Poland having the status of a colony," he said.
But how do you know? Here in Lidl, they have one type of cheese in four different places.
I didn't look at other things, I met one yogurt twice, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the dairy section, I gave up and asked.
They did have it, that's true, in that narrow section they had all the selected, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
If I avoid it, I won't even smell a market, no matter what, the golden shop on the square, they don't have such a wide selection, but they usually have everything I need, and it's all in order, so I'm done in ten minutes.
I'd go to Lidl to take my holiday.
I don't care anymore.
I've been watching for two years how data is treated here as fertilizer, and most anti-vaxxers are just a little more out of the loop than most pro-vaxxers.
There is a rational debate going on at a professional level, but only extreme views are getting through to the public.
Wall to wall.
Binary thinking: vaccines will save us, vaccines are useless.
Ban everything, allow everything.
Colourful cakes instead of robust analyses.
Apples and pears.
This state has it like that and we have it like that.
But no one is bothered by the fact that the methodology for collecting data is different in the two states.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Sorry for the outburst and wish you all a good day.
I was beaten with a spoon as a child.
It was never about the badges, it was usually just that I repeatedly refused to listen and misbehaved (instead of going to bed, arguing with my brother, etc).
I have never been punished without warning, my mother always threatened that if I did it again, I would get a slap (sometimes even after another "caught" with a spoon, she would just bring it and place it in front of me so that I could see it).
Only after repeatedly refusing to listen, I got a few slaps on the butt (through my clothes).
Personally, I think physical punishment (in a reasonable manner and degree) is beneficial, because the child reacts much more to it than to words.
In my opinion, the most important part is the part with the warning, because it gives the child a choice whether to disobey and get punished, or to improve and not get punished.
I usually only needed a warning to start listening.
Defending the system
When the prominent Czech lawyer and constitutional judge Vojtěch Cepl was asked by a journalist in 1999 what the Czech constitution meant to him - whether it was a sacred document to which one swears an oath and which one learns about in school, or whether it was an agreement that could be changed if necessary - he unequivocally opted for the first interpretation.
Once, we agreed in the institution on democratic rules of our life, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens, and changes are better saved.
And some nations even like their rules.
Just like the Czechs like knedlíky with pork and cabbage, Vojtěch Cepl commented on the question.
However, in recent times, lawyers are increasingly of the opinion that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs to be changed.
Years are tested by situations that the creators (among them Vojtěch Cepl) could not have foreseen, such as the behaviour of a directly elected president.
In one thing, however, Cepl was right.
All we know about such documents is that political interference in their texts must be carefully considered.
The institution must be understood and actively defended, only then can it be the key to managing most of the crises that societies have faced throughout history.
The constitution is, among other things, a kind of rule of governance consisting of individual rules that set limits for politicians.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we impose restrictions on politics.
At the same time, however, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise their power.
Covid doesn't discriminate: in the FN Brno, they are fighting for the life of a several-month-old baby
Although it is known that the coronavirus is milder in children, there are also severe cases, which hospitals are dealing with mainly in recent times.
“We know that children are less at risk and affected than adults, there is talk of 2 to 5 percent in comparison with adults,” said Petr Dominik, the head of the Department of Pediatric Anesthesiology and Resuscitation at the Brno University Hospital and the Faculty of Medicine of Masaryk University to Novinky.cz.
The course is much simpler, lighter, and often symptom-free.
There are, however, children who are severely ill with the coronavirus, which we can see especially in the last period," added Dominik.
The doctor said it is about 100 children who need mild support.
It takes place at the Children's Infectious Diseases Clinic.
Really very seriously ill children with the coronavirus are now in the ARU.
According to the doctor, children with post-COVID syndromes were continuously on the ward throughout the year.
There is now a rise in children with acute covid pneumonia, which means pneumonia requiring intensive care, he said, adding that this disease affects adults as well as adolescents and even newborn babies.
Children are also in critical condition in hospitals due to the coronavirus.
At the moment, we have a child of several months and an adolescent, said the chief physician.
However, she is happy that, so far, there have been no child deaths at the FN Brno Children's Hospital due to the coronavirus.
According to available data, six children aged 0 to 14 died in the Czech Republic on December 6.
According to Dominik, the psychologist is an indispensable part of the cooperation in the children's hospital - not only on the coronavirus ward.
At the same time, it also points out that, just like in adults, vaccination reduces the severity of the disease and also reduces the incidence of post-COVID syndrome.
Therefore, we recommend the application of the vaccine dose for children as well, added the doctor.
In the quiet zone, you can only walk on marked paths.
But the quiet zones aren't that big.
They can be seen on the tourist map on maps.cz.
In general, you can walk anywhere in the national parks outside the restricted area (but don't climb over the fence into the enclosure).
Hiking/cycling in the forest outside marked trails is not allowed anywhere unless you have an exemption (but of course this is not so strictly enforced in national parks).
How does a conductor train?
The music is playing in my head, smiles Josef Kurfiřt.
He was born in Liberec and originally played on the bassoon.
As a singer, he can sing almost any repertoire and as a conductor, he has worked not only at the F. X. Šaldy Theatre in Liberec, but also in Plzeň, at the Josef Kajetán Tyl Theatre.
He collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic, the Film Philharmonic or the Podkrkonošský Symphony Orchestra.
China is building the impression that it is in control of the outbreak and that the authoritarian regime is handling the crisis better
Sinologist Jirouš: China is building the impression that it has mastered the epidemic and that the authoritarian regime is dealing with the crisis better.
China has launched a health and political offensive.
Just a few months ago, Beijing was deflecting criticism for failing to stop the outbreak that became a global pandemic.
The country is now reporting zero new cases.
States, including the Czech Republic, are competing for Chinese protective equipment, and Chinese doctors are helping in the fight against the coronavirus, for example in Italy, which is the worst-affected country.
How to read Beijing's willingness?
Is it a friendly gesture or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
He meets a friend of a friend and says: hey, do you want a giraffe?
I have it and it's great.
The wife is happy because it mows the lawn, washes the car, and the kids play with it.
It's just great.
If you want to buy a rhino for 5000,- I will sell it to you.
Friend: OK, let's go, it's going to be great...
After a while they meet up and the one who bought it complains: "Hey, what did you sell it for, a donkey?"
The lawn is trampled, there are huge piles of shit everywhere, the car is a mess, the kids are scared of it and the wife wants a divorce.
The one who sold it says: you are talking about the elephant in a bad way, so you won't sell it...
The world is controlled by the great powers.
While sovereignty is the rule, it is the great powers that set the course of international affairs.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
So far, it works on an economic and political level (in selected issues), but there is still no military integration.
I personally think that Europe is heading towards federalization.
It won't be in 10, 15 or 20 years.
But in the middle of the century, the mood will be different and it will work out.
I thought of that too, and it's quite possible.
I'm not a Czech expert, so I may be a bit of a word-smith.
I'm just assuming that the ellipse usually includes 2 different units on the same level.
I'll use an example from another comment "Spanish oranges and mandarins", where it's clear that they're both from Spain, whereas with "Spanish fruit and mandarins" it's not clear that the mandarins are from Spain.
Moreover, I base it on the fact that the phrase is "all American forces," including their weapons, and that I know American complexes are operated by Americans.
In other words, I expect that it is already included in the broad term and does not need to be further specified for American forces.
But again, I'm just being a word nerd :D
Whatever the case, it is a nonsensical demand
A 5.0-magnitude earthquake was recorded in Tokyo.
The Japanese capital Tokyo and surrounding areas were hit by an earthquake with a magnitude of 5.0 on Sunday.
Witnesses said buildings shook in the capital, but there were no reports of damage.
No tsunami warning was issued, Reuters reported.
Vicki Holland of Britain tortures monkey kangaroo Milly
Horrifying footage shows the moment a terrified monkey crouched in a toilet bowl before her callous owner flushed her down and mocked her.
Holland also fed the monkey hot dogs, kebabs and hamburgers, regardless of her true nutritional needs.
She has now been banned from keeping animals for life by magistrates in Gwent, The Sun reported.
The primate rehabilitation experts who are caring for Milly after her abuse said they have never seen a monkey so terrified.
Milly spent nearly two years rehabilitating at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
The four-times mum pleaded guilty to two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
She was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, suspended for a year, at Gwent Magistrates' Court.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid community service, a lifetime ban on keeping animals, and ordered to pay court costs of 12,000 Czech crowns.
Leader of the Small Monkeys team, which rehabilitated the abused animal, Steph Sawyer, said: "Milly is doing well, but the rehabilitation will continue."
Milly took a while to get used to people again.
She would shrink and hide from anyone she met and any loud noise or sudden movement would cause her to scream.
The opossum refused to eat for a long time.
Even now, when she's settled down and happy with her mate, she can still panic at the sight of new people.
The psychological scars from the abuse will stay with her forever, Sawyer said.
Ms. Mill's abuse was revealed after police in Gwent found horrific footage on her phone after a raid on her home over drug-dealing allegations.
In the footage, Milly can be heard swearing.
In another video, Holland is seen offering the monkey cocaine and saying, "Want cocaine?"
Lick my fingers.
In May, she pleaded guilty with her partner Russell Cox, 43, to possessing cocaine with intent to supply.
In her home, police found £1,600 worth of cocaine hidden in Kinder Eggs.
Cox was sentenced to 30 months in prison and Holland was given a 20-month suspended sentence.
And what amazing concepts will you teach from the prehistoric age three times in a row, when you bravely jump over the whole 20th century?
As if you take the same things with you in the first year as in the sixth grade?
And the whole thing kills the idea of bifling, where no one cares if you can do it or understand it.
The main thing is to write the test on 1 and then no one cares anymore.
Go out on the street and ask random people if they can solve a quadratic equation with its roots and coefficients.
Everyone has gone through it, and the vast majority of people don't even scratch and will tell you they're totally fine.
So what the hell are they teaching?
I am a big fan of the general overview, and the fact is that people don't want and don't need it.
And at that point it's pointless and you're never going to get it in there.
It is partly taught for all the people who will need it in the future.
But the note that you don't need all this stuff when you're standing at the machine, I meant it completely seriously... ...because you don't need it.
Moreover, we are slowly getting to the point where not knowing is a punk thing to do.
(Which is probably due to our communist past and the stigmatisation of intellectuals and elites) However, the price of having barbarians standing at those machines is just too high.
If journalists could count, then covid would never have reached these proportions.
First Sight wedding: Kadri and Andrea's war continues!
This is the main reason why Switzerland can't leave right away," replied Andrea on Instagram in Stories to inquisitive fans who wanted to know what had disappointed her so much that she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social media.
Kadri and Andrea have been sniping at each other since the beginning of the experiment.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move with him, at least until she returned to the Czech Republic permanently.
She was adamant that she would not do it.
And as you can see, their relationship did not end in love, but rather in mutual disrespect and even hatred.
It was a planned attack! Kadri retorted in response to Andreino's accusations of lying, gambling and debt.
Kadri's supposed honesty with his ex-wife was not liked by his younger sister Linda.
She decided to publicly defend her brother.
I don't normally talk about things like this, and we never really talked about them in the family.
I certainly do not want to evoke any pity.
But when I see someone trying to publicly hurt and slander someone I love so much, I just can't take it!
I'm sorry I have to do it this way, but I want to publicly thank my brother Kadri for making himself a man and helping our family when we needed it most, even though he was so young.
It is all the more frustrating when I have to read such misleading information, which is probably taken out of context.
I would love for everyone to know Kadri the way I do, my family and my close ones, it says in the confession in response to Andrey's words.
I am really grateful for everything!
Of course people will believe what they read, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him more than anything and know the truth and know how it really was, she added vaguely.
The drunk thief climbed up the façade to the fifth floor.
You won't believe why.
Chao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in a residential neighborhood, where he tried to break into several cars.
According to available information, he stole less than 330 crowns from one vehicle.
He then thought of nothing better than climbing up to the fifth floor and entering the apartment through an open window.
He stole two bananas.
On one security camera, he is then seen walking down the street away from the scene of the crime, eating a banana.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he found that the bananas were not where they were and called the police.
Cchaa was subsequently detained.
The man admitted to drinking alcohol on the day in question.
And, since he needed money, he decided to rob.
The case is still under investigation.
The drunk climbed up the façade to the fifth floor, where he stole two bananas.
The pandemic law is time-limited and its effectiveness is tied to the pandemic readiness.
If it is abolished, the law will not be effective.
The law limits the scope of business
That's not enough for you?
The right to assemble will be limited, but not abolished.
Over 60 percent of voters turned out for local council elections on Saturday
On Saturday, people elected new councils in the villages of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko.
The number of representatives in these communities fell below the number set by law, or the elected representatives disbanded.
A total of 28 seats were contested by 99 candidates on Saturday.
The average age of newly elected councillors is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest 33.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically closes a rather challenging, but successful year.
There were four new or repeated elections to local councils, and the very closely watched elections to the Chamber of Deputies, said Eva Krumpová, the deputy head of the Czech Statistical Office.
She recalled that the elections were more difficult to organise due to the Covid-19 epidemic, in terms of equipment and personnel.
In Komňa, Uherské Hradiště, the Saturday elections were won by the Independent Candidates Association, which received 27.76 percent of the vote and two mandates in the seven-member council.
The candidate for the STAN received 24.84 percent of the votes, which also means the gain of two mandates.
Two seats in the town council were also won by Občané pro Komňu, who received 18.52 percent of the vote.
The former mayor of the village, Jana Křižková, who is a member of Soukromníci, was also re-elected.
The Komňans - Independent Candidates won one seat in the town council.
75.48 percent of eligible voters came to the urns.
In the village of Rovná in Pelhřimov, the Pro Rovnou association won.
It received 50.50 per cent of the vote, which means four of the seven seats.
Two representatives from the Independent Candidates Association 1 and one from the Independent Candidates Association 2 were elected to the town council.
The turnout was 93.62 percent.
The repeated elections in Lužice in Mostecko were won again by the Lužice and Svinčice Association, led by the mayor Jindřich John.
It received 56.73 percent of the vote and, like in 2018, has four mandates in the seven-member council.
The second candidate, the Obec pro lid, received 43.27 per cent of the vote and will have three representatives in the council.
76.7 percent of voters came to the urns.
The elections in Nová Ves in Liberec were won by the independent candidates of Naděje pro Novou Ves before ANO.
The Independent Candidates Association received 59.88 percent of the vote and won four seats in the seven-member town council.
ANO received 40.12 percent of the vote and gained a mandate compared to the regular elections in 2018, and now has three mandates.
The turnout was 42.9 percent of voters.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will discuss the results of the elections.
They will then be published in the Official Gazette.
What do you think would be the bigger problem?
Dead civilian or foreign politician?
I think you know all of this stuff that people are writing here.
You are just playing dumb to have someone to argue with.
If not, it's sad.
I am not saying that Christians are degenerates, or anything like that.
I even like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which was, after all, the aim).
And I don't care who believes in what.
On the other hand, I find it disgusting how much power the church had in the Middle Ages, how much money it made, the suppression of science, etc.
And not to mention all the wars she has caused, such as the Thirty Years' War
TL;DR: Believe in the spaghetti monster, but the state and the church have nothing to do with each other
The man fell head-first from a height of twelve metres.
The impact on the concrete survived.
A man survived an incredible fall on Sunday night in Ostrava, where emergency services from the Moravian-Silesian Regional Rescue Service were called out.
The county's emergency operations center received the initial report of the man's fall at 1:00 a.m. Saturday.
Two ZZS teams - a medical team and a paramedic team - were immediately dispatched to the scene.
When medics arrived at the scene, they found that the 27-year-old man had fallen from a window at a height of around 12 metres and landed on his head on the concrete!
Coal was mined in Vítkovice.
But not in the way it should have, and the firefighters went into action.
When the ambulance crews arrived, the man was in a coma, with multiple injuries and in a life-threatening condition.
The attending doctor intubated his airways, secured artificial ventilation, and after further measures of pre-hospital emergency care, transported him in an ambulance to the further care of the trauma center in Ostrava, the spokesperson for the ZZS MS region, Lukáš Humpl, informed.
I have more fears than of the coronavirus about inappropriate reactions from the public and authorities
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic is a challenge for politicians and civil servants, but the first line of defence against the infection is the doctors and medical staff.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
We ask military doctor David Řezáč.
Editor: Matěj Válek Research: Tomáš Roček, sound engineer: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hůla
Legendary Nunes falls after seven years, Oliveira defends belt
MMA had a great night with some interesting results.
Things were happening at UFC 269.
Outsider Julianna Peňová managed to beat the legendary fighter Amanda Nunes, who had not found an opponent for seven years.
Charles Oliveira in the lightweight division was not hesitating, he showed a great choke against Dustin Poirier and defended his belt.
Kai Kara-France also picked up a victory, stopping Cody Garbrandt with a technical knockout in the first round.
He also defeated Sean O'Malley.
A surprise no one saw coming.
The women's bantamweight bout between Amanda Nunes and Julianna Peña was the main event.
The American entered the match as the "dwarf", as Nunes had not lost for seven years and was hungry for another victory.
The start of the duel was also in line with the paper predictions.
Nunes started the fight very aggressively and even knocked her opponent down with a push kick.
Penova, however, did not allow herself to make any more mistakes and unsuccessfully tried to attack the hand with a hook.
The second round was thrilling and for MMA fans, very nerve-wracking.
Both fighters traded plenty of excellent strikes and hard hooks.
Penova also took Nunes to the ground, where she began to choke her.
She had to give up the attempt and wipe out the attack.
The American thus prepared a huge shock for everyone when she became the new champion.
The main event of the night was the lightweight title fight between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier.
At first, Poirier was doing better, but the tide began to turn.
In the second, Oliveira tried to be more active, attempting to take down his opponent with a takedown.
He didn't do too well with that, but then he created a lot of pressure, got the opponent on the back foot and showered him with a series of shots.
He won the second round thanks to that.
In the third round, Oliveira showed a rear naked choke, which Poirier resisted for a while, but then had to tap out.
The Brazilian defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley secured a convincing victory. In the first round, he put Raulian Paiva down with a hard right hook to the back of the head.
He then finished him off with a series of precise strikes and recorded his fifteenth victory.
Kara-France then dealt with Cody Garbrandt.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another victory with her young daughter, but now, seven years later, she lost.
That knee, or that knee?
At first glance, it doesn't look like much.
Most nouns in Czech only have one grammatical gender, so it is easy to determine whether they are masculine, feminine, or neuter.
However, there is also a fairly large group of nouns where the gender is not fixed.
Such substantives fluctuate between two genders.
When declined, they take on double consonants and in some cases remain in the uninflected form.
For example, the words "sviště" and "kýčle" are both masculine and feminine, the first is declined according to the pattern "stroj", the second according to the pattern "píseň".
In the case of another group of nouns, there are different forms in the first person plural, for example: "row/row", "turnip/turnip" or "potato/potato" (in the sense of food).
Both forms are grammatically correct, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
Some expressions may vary regionally, for example "cucumber" in the Czech Republic and "cucumber" in Moravia, but in this case the Moravian variant is nonstandard, as are other Czech-Moravian pairs of words: "ditch" and "ditch," "waffle" and "waffle," etc.
Some words that have entered Czech from other languages were originally uninflected, but have gradually adopted Czech endings.
A typical example is the word "image", which is both masculine and feminine, or the word "buffet", which has remained unchanged in the middle gender, but has masculine endings according to the model "castle".
Turkey has opened the way for migrants to Europe.
How is the situation directly at the Greek border?
Tensions are high along the Greek-Turkish border, where an increasing number of migrants are trying to get further into Europe.
Thousands of people have started to make their way to the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped protecting them.
European politicians are promising Greece support, and the Czech government is also preparing humanitarian aid.
What exactly motivates the refugees to undertake this perilous journey?
And how does the situation look on the ground?
We haven't seen blue sky for three months and we're suffocating, says Sydney journalist
The devastating fires, which Australia has been battling for a fourth month, have killed nearly 300 people and hundreds of millions of animals and scorched millions of hectares of land.
How are the local authorities and the local population dealing with the disaster?
Could the Morrison government have done more to prevent the drastic impacts, as critics claim?
And what will the country have to prepare for in the future in terms of climate change?
Lenka Kabrhelova talks to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrich.
False accusations have always been and will always be rare.
So it's always written about him everywhere.
It's uncomfortable for people to talk about how sexual violence looks in our society and how widespread it is, so they try to sweep it under the rug.
I don't know anyone personally who has been falsely accused.
I know a lot of people who have been raped and I have seen how people around them or even the police have treated them.
Victims should always be believed.
The trend is that victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
But still, far too many people keep it to themselves.
Yes, there are those who falsely accuse someone.
It's disgusting and spitting in the face of all victims of sexual assault, but by spreading the idea that "a lot of the accusations are made up" and that it's a "trend" you're only helping sexual predators.
Czech Republic is flooded with unfinished houses, families don't have money to finish them
Construction materials have risen by more than 30 percent in recent weeks and months.
Many people have found themselves in a difficult situation as a result.
It does not have the means to complete the unfinished family homes, and the banks are refusing to increase the mortgage loans.
Besides the price of materials, the price of construction work is also increasing.
This is why people do not have enough money to finish building their family homes.
In many cases, banks are refusing to increase mortgage loans, which is creating extremely unpleasant situations.
In the best case scenario, people move into unfinished and unlicensed houses.
In the worst case scenario, the unfinished houses are uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to pay the mortgage and rent at the same time, says Štěpán Křeček, an economist at BHS.
We will build two to three family houses a year, and in fifty percent of cases, this has happened to us.
For us as a construction company, it is difficult because we have to comply with some things in the contract, even though the materials have become more expensive.
So we are working for free," said Zdeněk Slivoň, the owner of a construction company.
A lot of people are going to have financial problems.
If they were counting on the house costing five million, it will now cost seven.
I think some will wait," Slivoň added.
Copper, iron and also plumbing and heating equipment have all become more expensive.
Construction companies are also struggling with a lack of labour.
In the Czech Republic, there is a shortage of graduates in construction-related fields and the influx of foreign workers is being hampered by the pandemic.
The situation regarding the issuing of building permits is currently more favourable.
In October, 7,675 building permits were issued, which is almost 10 percent more than in the same month last year, explained Křeček.
We are doing well and we will do even better.
The real visions are missing, says a commentator of the Czech Radio - mujRozhlas
The entry into the new year was accompanied by traditional celebrations, as well as political speeches.
This year, in addition to the Prime Minister and ANO leader Andrej Babiš and the Christmas message of President Miloš Zeman, the presidents of the Senate and the Chamber of Deputies also spoke to the nation.
What have we learned?
I think that the thesis is super for me, I have my own topic, which I chose, I build on my bachelor's thesis, I work on it for a whole year, and then I write the written part in a week or two.
The state exams in the Czech Republic are quite relaxed, as long as you are not a total monkey and something is left in your head, the commission will not suffocate you with theory.
I, for example, studied for the state exams for a week and when I was at the end of my tether, the commission always tried to guide me to some logical deduction, which I understood right away.
Otherwise, for those projects, I know people who pay someone to do their semester project (we've done it a lot, really useful, learned a lot) and then just learn the project and have it done.
I think it's great when at the end of the course there is a test that reflects the knowledge gained during the project, not just a defence.
Everything's fine, but don't clog up my e-mail and phone lines and don't send any packages to the embassy.
You're going to be the same piece of shit as them.
Those people at the embassy have nothing to do with that.
And if they were against Russia, they would have to take a lot of risks, so maybe they have to play with them, because otherwise something could happen to them.
But you can put a statue of Putin next to the teddy bear Pú.
Maybe we should give it to Xi Jinping in the backside or something like that.
I agree, even though Insta is throwing stones at artists.
If you don't post stories every day and at least every second day a new picture, your reach will decrease to a minimum.
In addition, it keeps changing what is more important, whether it is a like, a comment, or saving.
I'm really fed up with it lately, so maybe I'll have to resort to TikTok, where a lot of artists from my industry are having success and can't get enough of it.
In the end, I would be happy if something more user-friendly came along, something that doesn't suck all the creativity and energy out of artists
Statement by the Donetsk Workers' Party
The Union - yes, the breakup - no, express their opinion against the breakup of the USSR.
30 years since the illegal breakup of the USSR.
On December 8, 1991, the greatest geopolitical catastrophe in the history of mankind took place.
On December 8, 1991, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk, and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal authority and in violation of the results of the referendum of March 17, 1991, with an openly benevolent attitude of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard to the people, signed an agreement that "the USSR as a subject of international law and as a geopolitical reality no longer exists."
One stroke of the pen "abolished" a huge country with nearly three hundred million inhabitants.
The breakup of the USSR saw tens of millions of ethnic Russians living abroad.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
Even without the loss of the non-Russian population of the former Soviet republics, we have already lost more people than in both World Wars put together!
The same people who, in one sitting in the Belovezhskaya Pushcha, destroyed what had been built over the previous seventy years betrayed the socialist camp (created by the price of millions of lives in World War II and the Great Patriotic War).
They consciously deindustrialized, slowed down agriculture, detached from the world's largest power fourteen republics that were previously economically connected in a single mechanism.
If we want to look even deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the collapse of the economy, science, the army, the rise of crime, interethnic conflicts, the Chechen war, all the conflicts in the post-Soviet space, the series of orange revolutions, NATO's expansion to the east, the war and the collapse of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical capitulation, the abandonment of the socialist camp, and then the Soviet Union.
There is such a term in political science as "vacuum of power".
Everything that was betrayed and abandoned in haste has been quickly filled and conquered by NATO countries that have accepted our geopolitical surrender.
And the world is still shaken by events from the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a large turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
It's Monday and we have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 Kč / kg.
I'll buy it and put it in the fridge and make it on Thursday for dinner.
In the alternative reality where I don't buy the meat on Monday, the chain will reduce the price to 99 Kč/kg on Tuesday - describe to me the mechanism by which the meat becomes a burden on my digestive system by changing its price?
Or I could wait until Thursday and the meat would be on sale for 69 Kč / kg - how would this meat differ from the one I bought on Monday for 120 Kč more and left it in my fridge for three days?
I will answer myself - nothing.
These claims that if something is cheap, it must be bad, rotten or of poor quality are so retarded, I'm afraid to tell you the truth ;-)
Recently I went to Hlavas in Brno and in the underpass girls were handing out some brochures, I always take them with me to help out the brigadiers, they can't throw them away...
Well, the pamphlet was full of common sense and conservative views on how the world works, but there was nothing about God, I was confused, but I knew it would be some sort of propaganda.
After reading it, I found out who published it and in the end, it turned out to be Scientology.
Well, it was a good matrosh, full of completely unnecessary lessons, like I should wash myself and not be a pičus.
It is a shame that paper is being wasted, because it is not necessary to cut down the forests for this.
I had a similar experience with an ex-girlfriend.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will make you do things for that person, even if you don't realize how much of a mess you're in.
She threatened to hurt me because I went out with a friend she didn't like.
Or when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she cried and begged me not to leave.
She then started physically blocking the doors.
It was a great relationship for about a year, but then it went downhill for the next six months.
I then ended the relationship by telling her that I was breaking up with her, but I lied to her and told her that we could talk about it next week to calm her down and make sure she didn't get upset again.
Such a person will suck out your feelings, emotions and overall happiness.
It's better to keep your distance
When insurance companies are frantically buying up tests and chasing positive cases, who would know about this horrible disease if it weren't for the tests?
The only thing we've achieved is to complicate things for companies, transport companies and others, because their employees have been sentenced to five days of home detention in the random number generator.
In the west they have stopped with this nonsense and have come to the conclusion that it is pointless to deal with an illness that is weaker than the famous flu.
Unfortunately, Válek is new and has to steal something and boost his ego by inventing new rules.
It looks like we're getting the old, familiar scam back.
After several years of decline and suppression of this nefarious business, MLM recruiting is again on the rise.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20, first year at university), the initial promises of product training and business skills quickly turned into "you don't need to know that, just get people".
I was genuinely interested in the products I was selling, as I wanted to help people, but the training was more about scaring people into buying.
When the first earned money came in, you quickly realized that if you wanted to make money, you had to sell a few sure-fire products each month.
Investment life insurance and mortgages were the only profitable, so then you felt like a door-to-door salesman.
What I can say is that it was a valuable experience, and I learnt that you shouldn't jump on every rumour and that you need to check the information thoroughly.
I would not want to lump all of them together.
There are people in this business who are successful and even do some good, but they certainly won't be bragging about expensive consumer goods or "fat" bank accounts.
I have not experienced such things in the corporation where I work.
HR is relaxed, managers are managing their managers, and they're not sticking their noses in our business.
Regular assessment is done, in the form it is done here (set some goals for the next year, in a year's time we'll see what has worked and what hasn't) - it's more self-assessment than being judged by numbers, and so on.
Company events are also not mandatory.
But we are also somewhat unique within our company - there are departments that are more "corporate".
Sometimes it feels like we're a quasi-startup, squatting in the offices of a big corporation.
But it doesn't bother us too much as long as the results are there.
The Czech woman missing in Britain has died.
Her body was found in London.
The British police have been searching for the missing 32-year-old Czech woman since the end of November without success.
On Sunday 12 December, the former Minister of Foreign Affairs, Jakub Kulhánek, announced on social media that a woman from Uherské Hradiště had been found dead.
The British police confirmed to our embassy in London this afternoon that they had found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
The cause of death is being investigated.
For the sake of the family, we will not be releasing any further information on the case.
My sincere condolences, Kulhánek tweeted.
The young woman was last seen on November 28 in a bus on the way home from work, before withdrawing money from an ATM.
Her disappearance was reported by her colleagues at work five days later.
After her disappearance, London police began searching for her, and Interpol put her on its list of missing persons worldwide.
It also appeared in the Czech database of missing persons.
Police have already arrested one man in connection with the incident.
She did not say what role he played in the case or what he was suspected of.
At the end of the year, four municipalities have new councils
On Saturday 11 December, new councils were elected in the villages of Komňa in Uherskohradišťsko, Lužice in Mostecko, Nová Ves in Liberecko and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko.
The number of representatives in these municipalities fell below the number set by law, or the elected councils collapsed.
99 valid candidates competed for 28 seats in the new elections.
The turnout was 62.41%.
The highest turnout was in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters cast their ballots.
Eight women and 20 men were elected.
The average age of the elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest 33.
A total of 13 candidate lists have been registered for the new municipal elections in the four municipalities.
36 women and 63 men applied for 28 council seats.
The average age of the candidates was 46.6 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, the oldest 72.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically closes a rather challenging, but successful year.
Four new or repeated elections to local councils took place in it, as well as a very closely watched election to the Chamber of Deputies.
We had to work in more challenging epidemic conditions, which meant that we had to be better equipped and staffed, said Eva Krumpová, 1st Deputy Head of the Czech Statistical Office.
The last polling district was processed at 03:49 on Sunday 12 December.
On Monday, the State Election Commission will discuss the results of the vote and, after approval, they will be published in the Official Gazette.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
It took me a while to get used to the fact that we have a pretty dangerous infectious disease here, but it went off without a hitch.
I still have trouble dealing with the fact that a large part of the population treats it like an idiotic thing.
I am most looking forward to the vaccine (tomorrow!) because then I will finally be less dependent on the fact that other people aren't assholes.
He would be stripped of his presidency and his ability to regain it.
However, the chances of this actually happening are very slim.
Moreover, I am not sure whether the filing of the case could be considered treason.
High treason is such an act that endangers the sovereignty, the territorial integrity, or the democratic character of the state.
It must have been something more serious.
How the pandemic has affected intimacy: The number of people under 35 who are celibate all year round has risen
More and more young adults in the US are living without sex.
It is mainly religious people, the Daily Mail reports.
The survey found that the proportion of people under 35 who are abstaining from sex has risen from eight per cent in 2008 to 21 per cent in 2021.
The number of women aged 18 to 35 who said they had not had sex in the past year was higher than ever.
Other factors are also contributing to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals, according to a survey by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
One of them may be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and the higher unemployment rate.
The presence of the media, social networks or video games may have also contributed to making sex less of a priority for young people.
Since 2010, the share of men and women aged 18-35 who say they had no sex in the previous year has been growing rapidly, said Lyman Stone, a researcher at the IFS.
In married couples, sexual activity is more common, with only 5% of them saying they were sexually inactive in the last year.
It was 29% among free people, Stone added, noting that marriage under 35 is a small percentage.
The decline in sexual activity is also due to the fear of premarital sex and religious upbringing.
While married couples are more likely to be sexually active, the percentage of married and unmarried young people under 35 is still declining.
Young people are divided on the issue of premarital sex, with about 30% believing it is a bad thing, while about 70% think it is okay.
It is true that the minority of free-thinking individuals in this age group are driving the trend, says Stone of the 30 per cent.
For most of those who have a moral problem with premarital sex, the reason is religious.
Since 2008, the proportion of abstinence among young adults aged 18-34 who attend religious services more than once a month has risen from 20% to nearly 60%.
Among the "less faithful," the trend has risen from 10 to 20 percent," Stone said.
Other factors are also contributing to the decline in sexual activity, such as less social interaction and especially social drinking during the pandemic.
The study also found that people who are unemployed or have lower incomes are less likely to have sex.
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which may be reducing the need for sex.
People are spending more time online, which is "filling the void."
This trend has been most prevalent during the lockdown during the pandemic of the coronavirus.
The whole vaccination drive against Covid is about whether a society should force a section of the population to behave in a way they don't want to, but which may save their lives.
It is a fairly difficult question, and I am personally most interested in the question of social conscience.
For example, the question of whether if we don't order them to do it and they die, it will be our fault.
My argument is that we could have certainly killed an 80-year-old man who didn't know much, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some disinformation, and as a result he didn't get vaccinated and he caught it and died.
On the other hand, I do not think that we can blame the death of the intractable opponent of vaccination, who is here alongside the SPD and KSČ, shouting about persecution and a totalitarian state.
From the statistics I mentioned, it can be concluded that most of the unvaccinated pensioners belong to the second group, so they will be able to blame themselves for it.
Czechia without snow.
How will the mild winter affect the fight against drought?
This winter has so far brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent years in the Czech Republic.
Ski resort operators cannot do without artificial snow, and the weather is complicating preparations for the Jizerská 50 cross-country ski race.
Is it a trend or an exception?
What will a lack of snow mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic?
I have one story, but it's not about the pánbíčkáři.
Once, our teacher took us all the way across the city to the boatyard so we could go on a boat ride on the river.
On the way there, we walked down a rather wide street and saw a group of followers of the Hare Krišna sect.
Of course, they came down on us.
Fortunately, I managed to escape, but I spoke to one of my friends.
When she left, we asked her and the teacher what she had said to them.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
I told them I didn't have a soul," she said.
We all laughed all the way to the boatyard, including the teacher.
We are spoiled rotten.
Not much is happening, but the system is collapsing, says Orozovič
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after visits to Paris and Brussels, where he was greeted by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki with military honors.
We are opening a new chapter in our relations," Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the meeting.
Scholz stressed that Europe must show that it will not tolerate the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
The Chancellor believes it is important to resolve the crisis caused by worrying Russian troop movements near the Ukrainian border through diplomatic negotiations, even within the framework of the "Normandy group", which brings together France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine.
Morawiecki said he informed the chancellor about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko has artificially created a migrant crisis and uses people as living targets and weapons, as every night we record hundreds of attempts to (illegal) cross the border.
He met with the Chancellor to discuss further sanctions to make Lukashenko's regime and its patrons in the Kremlin finally understand that we are determined to defend the eastern border of the EU.
Scholz told DPA that Warsaw could count on German support in its dispute with Belarus, and condemned the inhumane treatment of refugees by Lukashenko's regime.
Drunk Polish nun caused accident, tried to cover it up
The car returned to the scene of the accident a short time later, but it was being driven by another nun who was trying to take the blame.
When the police officers told her that she could still lose her driving licence for failing to give way and leaving the scene of an accident, she came clean, TVN24 reported.
She admitted that she hit the car of another nun who asked her for help.
The police then came to visit Celestina's sister.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and, after discovering she had a blood alcohol content of over two per cent, they immediately took her driving licence away from her.
They also informed her that she would have to appear in court and confess to her crimes.
Hugo the dog is doing what he can.
However, Juraj Šajmovič did not keep his film under wraps.
Czech filmmakers of family comedies have been inspired by American stories about beloved pets.
But they forgot about an important thing: the laws of filmmaking.
After the kitschy film F. Brabce Gump - the dog who taught people to live, now the film Tady hlídáme my is competing for the audience's emotions in cinemas.
Juraj Šajmovič ml., the co-author of the script and the director in one person, freely follows up on his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
Hugo the talking fox is back, along with some familiar faces around him.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in the Šumava region that is dying out, so they start to invite dog owners to stay there. Julie's father and his partner, and above all her daughter Veronika.
She is no longer a little girl, but a teenager who is experiencing her first love.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also a producer of the film) were struggling with the narrative in the previous dog film, but at least the children and the dog were amused.
This time, the creative team has written a script even weaker than the last, which is a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Let's recap.
Julie, although a scientist, is susceptible to the superstitious beliefs of the locals and, when the "right constellation" is in place, she has sex with her forest engineer Ivan, wherever the coordinates are at that moment - on the car's bonnet or the church tower (of course, during a guided tour with a local guide), retired Colonel Mojmír, despite years of training, shoots his own daughter (Julie) in the forest, who falls into a coma, after which she is taken to the hospital, so that a miraculous healing process can take place in the heart of the Šumava forest.
Nothing against the healing power of nature and the strength of beloved animals.
Their owners know why they have them.
The audience, however, marvels at the amount of content, full of unbelievable situations and characters, that was needed to convey this message.
The two thieves from the staff, the dog show, the sharlatan from the Šumava, the policemen arriving to look for "drugs" and discussing the strength of bone meal as fertilizer - and which the well-to-do family in the pension, of course, gets drunk.
When the heroine wakes up after a long coma and sits upright and made-up with a cigarette at the family table and demands her father's whiskey and bacon as a recovered vegetarian, it is impossible not to laugh.
On top of that, the creators explain to the audience that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Shajmovich's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of working with text, the ability to build the dramatic situation, a sense of character, and the point and the director's leadership.
The acting is uneven, the editing is clumsy, and the overall impression is sloppy.
While Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková or Nela Boudová try to keep their parties under control, they don't have much to play.
The only plus of the film is the poetic shots of the Šumava landscape by cameraman Vladimír Holomka and the pair of foxhounds.
It's not enough to sketch out a few characters, a flimsy plot, and a few dog-like catchphrases, let alone the more vulgar vernacular used by the characters.
Being a long-standing member of the Foxhound Club is not an argument either - as in the case of the producer.
Good intentions to promote nature and the friendship between man and dog must be accompanied by knowledge of the craft, if one wants to tell a believable story.
That did not work in this case.
There's a little too much erotica and a lack of feel for the genre for a good family movie.
Even as an advert for canine therapy, this amateurish piece wouldn't pass muster.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to constant abuse from people like you.
There is a difference between offering and forcing, here you can see how you understand it, but that is only because you have never tried it.
The decision is always up to the customer, if he doesn't want it, the answer will always be no.
If you listened to kids all the time, you might change your mind.
It's just like any other job, in this case a part-time job.
The Middle East is experiencing unusually dry months.
Winter is the only time of the year when it rains.
The near-total absence of rainfall in November, as recorded at some stations, is unusual, the Israel Meteorological Service confirms.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reported only six percent of its long-term average rainfall for November.
This week's two-day downpour was more the exception than the rule.
It's good for us.
It hasn't rained here for a long time.
It is also the right Christmas backdrop, said Nazareth resident Wasím Aškar.
Rainfall in Israel is almost exclusively confined to the winter months, is intermittent and irregular.
Forests depend on winter rains.
Without them, they dry out and are prone to fires.
It is not just about forests, but also about water supplies and irrigation for farmers.
The largest freshwater source in Israel, the Galilee Sea, is full to the brim this spring, thanks to three wet winters in a row.
Since then, the level has fallen.
Water managers have been warning about drought for a long time.
It is expected that, depending on global warming and climate change, there will be a decrease in rainfall here," said Uri Schor, spokesperson for Israel's Water Authority, in 2018.
Israel has the technology to help itself, such as desalination and wastewater recycling.
Economically weak countries such as Lebanon, Syria and Jordan are worse off.
In the streets of the Jordanian capital, Amman, more tanker trucks are appearing.
Water pipes and private wells are drying up.
This year, my orders have increased by seventy to eighty percent compared to the previous two years," said Imad Suleiman, a tanker driver, in September.
Farmers clashed with security forces in the Iranian city of Isfahan.
The protests were due to drought.
The riverbed was completely dry.
The region has seen its driest November in many years.
Israel Prepares Military Strike Against Iran
The Israeli defense minister said Vienna talks "didn't bring any progress" and informed Washington of plans to attack Iran's nuclear facilities.
Defense Minister Benny Gantz said Saturday that he had ordered the Israeli military to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, Jonathan Lis reports.
Gantz, who is in the United States, is trying to convince Americans to step up their pressure on Iran, but also to inform Washington of military preparations.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that the nuclear talks in Vienna did not bring "any progress" and the world powers "understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
About 3 years ago, this happened to me too.
I pumped her a bit and grilled her during the conversation to find out what she actually wanted from me.
In the end, I found out that my suspicion of a pyramid was justified.
Because I really don't like these kinds of tricks, I gave the girl a bit of a hard time with doubts and questions, and eventually thanked her and left.
Feel free to call me a thief, but a pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisors are financial advisors.
Skiers headed to the mountains over the weekend, expecting plenty of snow and good weather
The ski resorts in the Czech Republic experienced their first major influx of skiing enthusiasts this weekend.
After heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no shortage of snow and some ski resorts have opened as a result.
The skiers were not deterred by the obligation to present a covid certificate at the lifts.
While ski instructors are not complaining about a lack of interest from customers, some ski rental companies are reporting weaker demand for their services than before the epidemic.
Thousands of people went skiing and snowboarding in the Liberec region over the weekend.
The weather was favourable for skiers, with sunshine and excellent snow conditions.
We are satisfied, the opening weekend really went well from the evening skiing on Friday, when we had the first skiers on the slopes," praised the director of the Ještěd Sports Centre, Jakub Hanuš.
Hundreds of people went to the first weekend of skiing in the new season also to Jeseníky.
For example, Ski Aréna Karlov and the Branná ski resort in Šumperk were open.
The weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people visiting on Saturday and today.
The conditions are great.
Today the sun was shining, it was around minus three degrees, so it was perfect, said Rostislav Procházka, the representative of the Branná ski resort.
Ski resort operators can only sell a ski pass to people who are vaccinated or have recovered from Covid-19.
Most people are prepared for this and are showing the necessary documents, said René Hroneš from the Skicentrum Špindlerův Mlýn to ČTK.
We have only seen a handful of incidents," he added.
Some ski rental and ski equipment shops are reporting lower demand than before the pandemic.
The demand for ski rentals is fortunately high.
It's not like in previous years, but there are still enough customers, said Alexandra Bokisova from the Skiopava shop in Opava.
During skiing holidays, there will be a larger influx.
David Šinták, the director of the Hradec Králové company Snowbear, also feels that there is less interest in renting ski equipment due to the pandemic.
We were almost at capacity before the pandemic.
We are at about 50 percent of what we were before the pandemic, said Šinták to ČTK.
According to him, people have become lethargic in the face of the pandemic and have learned to sit at home.
On the other hand, there is a great demand at the Novako rental facility in Boží Dar.
They started renting out the skis a week ago and there is already a waiting list.
The cross-country skis will be available for rent this weekend, but people have already been calling ahead, so we expect a lot of interest, just like last year, said Pavlína Nováková, the manager of the ski area.
She says there is also a lot of interest in the ski school, which is comparable to the period before the epidemic.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay in the country, they need to be able to live a quality life here as they would abroad.
Socialist healthcare is certainly not the way to go, as it is often difficult to find a dentist or a specialist doctor.
Intelligent and skilled people are leaving the country. They have no property here.
The owner of the company is not going to leave the country.
I agree with the rest of it.
If these people do not feel good in the Czech Republic and if these people do not see a reasonable future for themselves in the Czech Republic, they will not live in the Czech Republic.
The emigration from Hungary started with one beautiful day when Orbán won, ruled for a year, and suddenly the annual emigration rose by a few tens of thousands.
It is naïve to think that the Czech Republic cannot find itself in a similar situation overnight.
The next question is whether there will be elections at all.
If you live badly here, then you can also win a traditional V4 crazy.
The young and educated will leave, staying will be his supporters and people whose property will not fit into the plane.
Horrifying photo!
Langmajer's blood test due to a bet on beer?
While in the Czech Republic autumn was in full swing, the crew of the film Island, led by Jiří Langmajer (55), was enjoying tropical weather in Thailand!
The actor posted a photo of his bloodied face on social media.
Is it a real injury or is it for the sake of filming?
The London police are still looking for the missing Czech woman.
She was last seen on her way home.
Petra's disappearance is completely out of character and we are becoming increasingly concerned for her welfare," said Lucy O'Connor, of Lambeth police, in a Saturday video.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and just wants to know where she is," she continued.
The missing Czech woman left work on Sunday, November 28, around 7:45 p.m. and headed home to the Camberwell area.
She was last seen in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
According to British media, Srncová worked as a "healthcare assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
We are deeply concerned about our colleague, Petra, who is missing, said the group of health facilities in a tweet.
We are appealing for anyone who may have any information that could help locate her to contact police," the statement continued.
The public is also being urged to cooperate by Harriet Harman, who drew attention to the case of Srncová at a press conference on Saturday.
She has been missing for several days now, she is only 32, she is from the Czech Republic, her parents are understandably distraught," the Labour politician said, holding up a photo of the woman distributed by London police.
I feel like we all have a particular responsibility to try to find her because she was away from her home country, away from her family, and working for our healthcare system," Harman said.
Police had previously arrested one man in connection with the case, who remains in custody.
However, the BBC reports that the police have not released any information about the man's identity or what he is suspected of doing.
Russia is not able to occupy Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. about 5 divisions).
I don't underestimate Ukraine either.
That's not "huge numbers," but about 8 percent of the Russian army.
Notice that Ukraine keeps saying that the threat of invasion is being exaggerated, and is beginning to tire of our presence.
I quoted above.
I don't know why he thinks Russia wants war.
The war is a hell of a joke and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
The comparison with the situation in 38 is so wide-ranging that I don't even know where to start.
I can compare it to the first Punic War and the "annexation" of Sicily:D
I can imagine that after Ukraine announced that it would not abide by the Minsk agreements, Russia would annex the ridiculous republics.
That's it and that's what the "concentration" at the border is all about.
Well, pacta sunt servanda...
New timetables come into force in Prague from Sunday, affecting mainly suburban services
Passengers in Prague's integrated transport system (PID) can look forward to several changes from Sunday, which will affect mainly suburban services.
New routes were created, some changed their routes, and others were discontinued.
The Mladoboleslavsko region is now part of the integrated system.
From Sunday, the fast trains from České Budějovice will stop at Zahradní Město in the capital.
Trains on the S7 line will run from Beroun to Český Brod, passing through Prague's main station.
The recently opened station Prague-Zahradní Město will now be served by the R17 express train from České Budějovice and Benešov.
The PID will now be expanded to other areas.
In addition, buses will run to Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatno u Jesenice, Staré Splavy and Turnov.
The buses in the Mladá Boleslav region, including lines that cross into the Liberec and Královéhradecký regions, will be included.
During the integration, 77 lines will be cancelled, 37 new ones will be introduced and the operation of 12 existing ones will be changed.
A new bus line, 405, will depart from Zličín in Prague and go all the way to Žatec.
A new direct connection has also been established between Prague and Kralovice near Rakovník, which replaces the cancelled S53 train line.
The service will be strengthened in the morning rush hour and on weekends, when a new express line, number 404, will depart from Prague to Rakovník.
The lines 400 and 410, which travel to the Liberec region, are now included in the PID system.
They depart from Střížkov metro station, not Nádraží Holešovice.
The main line 400 runs through Mělník, Děčín and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor, and selected services continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The supplementary line 410 runs from Mělník via Dubá to Doksy, Mimoň and Jablonné v Podještědí.
On the other hand, the operation of ten local lines in Central Bohemia has been cancelled or limited, including to Mochov, Dobříš and Rožmitál pod Třemšínem.
All trains leaving Prague at 02:30 are cancelled.
Due to the modernisation of the railways, there are ongoing long-term restrictions on the lines from Prague to Beroun, Prague to Lysá nad Labem and in the area around Kolín.
Passengers will also see changes at other locations.
The buses replace some cancelled railway lines or the section of line 420 from Dobříš with a connection from Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets all the way to Milevsko.
The routes of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and the routes of some buses on the border of Central Bohemia and Hořovicka in the Plzeň region have been changed.
Healthy lunch/snack from the supermarket
Hi, I work a 9-5 shift with a 30 minute break and my only option for food is to go to Billa or a bit further to Lidl.
Since I don't move much after work, I don't have the energy to exercise, so I have to eat as healthily and dietarily as possible.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy and in a hurry I buy the maximum of pizza dough and for a snack, yoghurt and apple.
Question: what healthy foods can I buy in the supermarket without having to cook them?
Not everyone waits for a foot of snow like you do, unfortunately.
And it's not about the trees you have to see.
The tree may only have a few branches sticking out of the snow.
If damaged, the tree may be more susceptible to fungal disease.
I am not saying that it is the only reason why we are not allowed to go off-piste, but it is one of them.
Dara's confession about her relationship with Nedved: I wasn't looking forward to this
The Czech showbiz pond has been nothing else but the relationship between Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedved since Friday.
They have been together since the summer, and the famous footballer even divorced his wife for the singer.
Dara has now sent a lengthy message to fans explaining why she kept her love a secret for so long.
I would like to say that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who would not know that Dara caught Nedvěd," jokes Dara Rolins, who is madly in love with the most successful Czech football player.
He allegedly seduced her, not the other way around.
Three days are the centre of attention, and although they are used to the public interest, they are not enjoying it.
And here we are.
What we both dreaded but knew would happen at some point, continues the singer.
I just don't know who is worse off.
Those who don't care about it at all and it pops up on them even from a can, or us, whose lives are dissected to the finest detail.
As if someone wanted to hear your opinion on whether or not you and your husband or girlfriend are a good match, or if you insisted on everyone knowing the list of your ex-partners and being aware of the list of your mistakes.
That's what you want, isn't it, Dar?
The couple met in Italy, where Rolins was preparing her new fashion collection.
Nedvěd has been vice president of Juventus football club for a long time.
They came out with the truth only now, because they were waiting for the end of Nedvěd's divorce.
His wife, Ivana, has been separated from him for three years, but they have only been legally divorced for three weeks.
Anyway, we thank those who rejoice with us and wish us well.
We are just people, we have families, children, pasts and dreams.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
That is why I love my new man and I stand by him, just as he stands by me, she concluded.
Hi, other commenters have already said everything important, I just want to confirm that the dorms are great at the beginning, most of my classmates have met and become friends by the end of the first semester or two, and then found housing together, which I think is the best option, because you know who you'll be living with.
Most apartments are not advertised very far in advance, so you probably won't find much right now, but it doesn't hurt to take a look at the listings.
Otherwise, avoid not only Cejle, but also the surrounding area (streets like Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that's not a good address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit of a ghetto.
On the other hand, Veveří is very student-oriented, Královo Pole and that way is fine, except that it's close to most of the VUT faculties (I don't know where you're going to start).
I have never looked for a rental, but I am a native Brno resident, so I can perhaps help with Brno in general, if you are missing any information.
That is a perfect example of "normal" thinking.
It's actually quite OK that the state doesn't fund some schools adequately, because of what a few doctors somewhere in Poland have decided to do.
Either they can learn what they want and pay for it themselves, or they can follow the state curriculum and pay for it with state money.
We cannot allow a private actor to take over a part of the education system just because it adds a few crowns to the state contribution and allows it to teach what it wants.
Such a claim loses some weight when it is written by a person who, two days earlier, had this to say about a petition calling for a boycott of a totalitarian state:
So a vote against abortion is the same as a vote against a statue standing in the square?
I would have consulted directly with the person who gave you the job.
Otherwise, I have already experienced that (and even long-term professionals) that they either throw it into the eye, or they write something like xxx *** or ... (according to convention) and write a note that it is unreadable.
The truth is, it's quite readable in this case, so I wouldn't recommend it.
I would probably do something like that in a comment, depending on which program you are using.
If you want to be a conscientious and hard-working student, you can look in some sign databases and find the nearest one.
But because it looks like you're drawing from a book, I would guess that the author or printer simply created his own seal to fit what was physically on the coin.
PS: Isn't it more like the Odrynian Empire (kingdom) than the Odrynian?
PSS: Someone has already figured this out.
Check out that comment with ΦΙΛH
Politicians do not know what the "theme" of our presidency will be.
This is much worse than having translators with them.
The idea that something would be passed because no one understood a text is laughable.
All important documents are examined word by word, and even a basic knowledge of English is not enough, that is the job of lawyers.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in various EU institutions, and English is more useful for informal contacts and establishing extra-formal relationships.
Additionally, the English is quite interesting, after the UK's exit from the EU.
I don't understand the hate on Cejl.
I've been working there for three years now and I'm totally fine with it.
I drive home from work at 10pm and never have any problems.
Only someone who has never been there can say that it is a ghetto.
Yes, most of the Roma population of Brno lives there, but all they do is block the pavement and park where they shouldn't:D Certainly it's not that I'm afraid to go out on the street at night.
So if you are looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the centre, I would go for it.
There are a lot of newly renovated or newly built apartments there now.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and Gelemová as a pillar in the fence!
Who will spend Christmas with?
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on their Advent wreath, but Felix Slováček did not.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so there was nothing to light.
I saw the wreath and Lucie probably has one too, the saxophonist told Blesk, confirming Patrasova's words that she often visits her.
He visits, but does not live in their house in Vinohrady, where Dáda remained alone after his departure.
Slováček still does not know where he will be on Christmas Eve.
We recently met up with Anička, Felix and both grandchildren.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: AGAIN TOGETHER!
But we were still talking, so we didn't break up for Christmas.
I don't know where I'll be.
I buy gifts throughout the year and I will definitely buy something for Dáda and Lucie, maybe a perfume.
I'm a gentleman, Felix added, who came to the club Richman himself for the premiere of the music video.
I'm here alone, but I don't feel alone.
I always find someone to talk to, says Slováček, who was glad to meet the wife of Luděk Sobota, Adrian, or singer Kamila Nývltová.
And he made it clear.
And we are Iceland, so we can afford not to have soldiers and weapons?
I doubt anyone will try to stop us, and our location is so strategic that an aggressor would have to be an absolute idiot not to take over this territory.
And I don't understand why that would be a bad argument, can you explain that to me?
I don't know of any other component that could be deployed in hospitals in a crisis.
There are not enough police officers and they cannot afford it, so it is the firefighters and nowhere else is there such a high percentage of medically trained people at such a high level.
And that our army is capable of defending Ostrava just about enough is a slap in the face to the previous governments, not the army, which has been asking for new toys for a long time.
Record drought in the Czech Republic.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the countryside should not be just a food factory, says a journalist.
Czech Republic is going through the worst drought in recent years.
The scientists say that the water has decreased in the mountain and foothill areas, and smaller amounts of rainfall have been recorded in areas that have not previously suffered from a lack of water.
The drought affecting much of Central Europe is caused by climate change.
The impact is also exacerbated by the way we manage the land.
What should we be prepared for in terms of drought?
And how can we help nature in these difficult times?
Yeah, that's how it's going to be, I can barely keep my skates on the ice, I know what it's like to play hockey, and the tactics (that I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) are just a bunch of bullshit.
Whether you're the "Bears of Russia" or the "Sheep of China," losing by two goals, even if you don't necessarily have to win the game, is different.
But anyway, what I hear from the Czech commentators who point out what the referees are paying attention to and what they are not paying attention to, whether it is male or female ice hockey, it is all very strange, but that is how it is with all sports, UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsport F1, WRC, etc.
controversy is everywhere.
In my opinion, if it were the other way around, it would be the same as always, and that we have lost more often than we have won, and that it would be a classic "they lost" vs "WE won".
Coronavirus: Russian infections surpass 10 million
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9,080 daily infections.
There are 5,766 people hospitalized.
In total, 34,451 people have died in the Czech Republic, and another 74.
The number of confirmed cases in the last 14 days is 1967 per 100,000, 871 per 100,000 in the last week.
The number of infections in Russia passed 10 million on Sunday.
In the last 24 hours, 29,929 new infections were registered.
It is the lowest daily number since October 13.
The total number of registered cases in Russia is 10,016,896.
The daily death toll is 1,132, the lowest daily death toll since the end of October.
Britain is facing a "inevitable" surge in cases caused by the omicron variant, the chief medical officer for the UK Health Security Agency said on Sunday.
New quarantine measures will be needed.
Omicron cases are now being hospitalised in Britain and Hopkins expects the number to rise.
So far, no one has died from omicron, but hospitalizations occur about 14 days after infection and deaths about three weeks after infection.
Labour leader Keir Starmer said on Sunday that Boris Johnson appeared to have broken the law by holding a Christmas quiz in Downing Street last year, when a lockdown was in place and Christmas parties were banned.
One of Mr Johnson's ministers defended the quiz as having been "virtual", through a computer.
But it was held in Downing Street by groups of staff gathered around computers.
There is growing pressure in Britain to remove Johnson from the premiership.
Last December, when London was in a strict lockdown and Christmas parties were banned, Mr Johnson's ministers held numerous boozy bashes.
British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government are making a mockery of them:
Paul Brand, editor of commercial broadcaster ITV for Britain: Two years ago, Boris Johnson won a landslide general election victory.
Today, the Conservative Party is talking about removing him from the post of prime minister.
It's remarkable how quickly events have unfolded.
Do you want to turn and save your skin?
Hungary is due to hold elections in the spring, which could end Viktor Orban's 12-year rule.
These will be elections of European significance.
How much can we expect them to be fair?
They won't be fair.
They will probably not be free either, because they were not free in the last two elections under Orbán.
His party Fidesz controls the media, changes the boundaries of electoral districts to its advantage, and does other small or large tricks.
The latest version is that everyone will be able to choose where they want to vote in practice.
This will allow Fidesz to lure voters from decided districts to those where the outcome is uncertain and the opposition could win.
So I'm just going to repeat that they won't be fair at all.
Do you think it will be as unfair as in 2014 and 2018?
After all, the situation is quite different.
It was not about whether Fidesz would win, but how much and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
Now there is a real chance that the united opposition will get more votes and mandates.
This is a big change for Viktor Orban and his party.
Will they try even harder to hold on to power?
Yes, we have some indications that they are willing to go beyond what they have done so far.
Recently, a recording of the chairman of the parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, László Kövér, was leaked to the independent media, in which the head of the secret services is told that the opposition is a threat to national security.
These are the signs of a new approach that you are talking about?
Yes, that is one of the new features.
It all starts with the language.
I was beaten quite often, the last time was when I was 14, my mum doesn't have much patience, I don't either, my dad has been with her for a long time, but then he gets angry (only in relation to me).
I am also very choleric and I used to get very angry as a child, to the extent that I would lie on the floor in convulsions and be all blue, and they would have to take me under the shower to calm me down.
Sometimes they gave me a slap on the wrist, sometimes it was more that they didn't know what to do.
I certainly have a tendency to solve things violently, as a child I was quite a fighter, now I just hit something to vent my frustration, and as a younger person I used to hit my parents on the hand (so I wouldn't get a slap across the face), so nothing extreme, but I always have that urge.
I am not able to determine to what extent it is due to my explosiveness, but there is no doubt that the upbringing plays a role as well.
I am afraid that I will also lose patience with my children and deal with it in the same way.
I think hitting children is just wrong and that my parents should not have done it, especially not at that point when it was no longer "educational," but out of frustration, on the other hand, every parent probably screws up at some point, so I don't blame them.
I don't feel offended by it, I don't understand why it should be ashamed of itself.
The laws should be clear and unambiguous.
I would call those who make the laws in such a quality Kundamis.
Otherwise, I would be interested to know if you are afraid of losing your income?
Can you really count on people wanting and buying your product and that you'll have the money to pay your mortgage?
Kočner's monstrous world.
Where will Slovakia go with the murder trial of investigative journalist Kuciak?
In Slovakia, the main trial in the murder of investigative journalist Ján Kuciak and his fiancée Martina Kušnírová has begun.
The death of the investigative journalist and his partner has changed Slovakia.
She has galvanised civil society, but has also exposed the practices of the accused businessman Marián Kočner and his links to Slovakia's political and judicial elite.
How significant will the process be for Slovakia?
The journalists are to blame for this.
How is it possible that this petition received so much more media attention than the counter-petition of deans of all medical faculties, which came out a couple of days later?
No, they were duped, and the company took the fall.
Deaths from Covid-19 were still being shown on Czech television just half a year ago.
Another government is coming to an end and the law on the involvement of municipalities in the selection of a repository is nowhere to be seen.
Minister Karel Havlíček's proposal needs to be fundamentally reworked
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš is coming to an end, and the law that was supposed to ensure respect for the interests of local communities and their citizens in the selection and licensing of deep geological repositories for high-level radioactive waste still does not exist.
The government's legislative council suspended the discussion of the proposal, which was submitted to the government by the Ministry of Industry and Trade after long delays.
However, its content is in serious conflict not only with the affected municipalities united in the Platform Against Deep Geological Repositories, but also with the Union of Towns and Municipalities of the Czech Republic.
The local authorities expect a significant strengthening of their decision-making powers in relation to the disposal of radioactive waste, which has been promised to mayors since 2011, when work on this legislation began, and which is also required by the Czech Atomic Act and the European Directive.
We expect the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, to revise the proposal in cooperation with the municipalities.
The bill proposed by Minister Karel Havlíček, which the Platform has access to, is criticised by the municipalities in particular: The proposed level of involvement of municipalities and the public in the decision-making process regarding the selection of a site for a repository is insufficient and cannot guarantee the respect of the interests of the municipalities and their citizens.
It can only be effective if the communities or the public can influence whether the process will continue in a particular location.
This can be achieved by requiring the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority to seek the consent of the affected communities before commencing a particular process.
The proposed bill of objectives almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes the citizens of the municipalities into mere statistics in the permitting procedures.
The draft does not include a system-wide compensation scheme for communities for the entire process of locating and selecting a site, its approval and operation.
Local authorities have little legal recourse to defend the interests of their citizens in the search for a storage site, according to today's legal norms.
Only in some licensing procedures can they submit their objections or appeal, but the decision is made by the authority or the minister, in whose interest it is to issue the licence.
Any possible lawsuit does not have a suspensive effect on the carrying out of exploration or construction work.
The Platform is calling for joint decision-making by local authorities, which is a common practice in many democratic countries, and certainly in those that are further along in the process of permitting a repository, such as Sweden and Finland.
In addition, the preparation of the law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external legal firms to prepare legislation.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which SÚRAO signed and which is linked to contracts with lawyer Jan Zemánek.
The total sum for these works, according to the register of contracts, is almost 4 million Czech crowns.
Antonín Seknička, the deputy mayor of the Cejle locality from the Hrádek location and the spokesperson for the Platform Against Deep Geological Repositories of Highly Radioactive Waste said: After the ministers of industry, who only pushed back the position of local self-government bodies in the search for a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste, we are waiting for a significant turnaround from the new government.
We are also offering our assistance.
We would also like to thank the Association of Towns and Municipalities, which shares the view of the directly affected municipalities in the selected localities that municipal rights are insufficient for such a significant construction.
The platform against deep geological repositories brings together 51 members (35 municipalities and towns and 16 associations) to advocate for a change in the state's approach to dealing with spent nuclear fuel and other radioactive waste, which will not be limited to deep geological repositories.
The platform also advocates that the decision on the location for any possible disposal should be conditional on the prior consent of the affected municipalities.
Actor John Goodman (69) was forced to lose weight: He lost 90 kg.
Although he had never felt the need to change his lifestyle, he was eventually scared by doctors.
They told him he would die if he didn't lose weight.
And it worked.
Goodman has lost 90kg, which is half of his original weight of 180kg, The Sun reports.
He introduced his new character at the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
From Roseanne's chubby sitcom star to a completely different person!
John liked to joke that his friends and family begged him to lose weight because his big body was causing furniture to break.
I put everything in my mouth," the actor said in a 2018 interview with AARP.
This time I wanted to do it slowly.
Move, exercise.
I'm getting to an age where I can't afford to sit on my backside anymore, he told ABC's Good Morning America, whose transformation is amazing.
It also depends on which boss and in what context you want to use the word "boss".
If it's a text on a platform that expects readers from the gaming community, I wouldn't translate it.
If it was a formal text, such as a university essay, I would be looking for ways to describe or explain the boss.
There are more types of bosses.
For example, games like Dark Souls, etc. have several bosses, yes, and so "boss" is something like the boss of a level, and then there is the final boss...
In many games, there are secret bosses (super boss, hidden boss), which are not necessary to defeat in order to complete the game or level, but are often much stronger than standard bosses.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where bosses are there, but the player doesn't directly fight them (Tentacle, Gargantua), and can they even be called bosses at all?
And then there are mini bosses.
It's hard to translate boss in a one-word way, Czech and other languages don't deal with it (interesting is Catalan, which translates boss as the final enemy).
It's just important for the story or the game in general, a computer-controlled antagonist that is stronger than all of the previous ones and is guarding the completion of some level or task.
The world is searching for Petra from London.
The Czech police force was also involved.
The British police have been looking for Petra Srncová since December 3.
The Czech police force was also involved in the search.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherské Hradiště has been missing since 7 December.
Through Interpol, it also helps the British police.
Petra Svrčková has not been seen by her colleagues since 28 November.
The British police have been looking for her since December 3.
Interpol issued a so-called yellow notice for her.
The world is looking for Petra.
The Czech police are closely cooperating with the British police, said police spokeswoman Kateřina Rendlová.
We are sharing information on the case," she added.
The search for Petra has already appeared on the police website.
He said she is 168 centimetres tall, thin, has brown eyes and long straight brown hair.
She is from Uherský Brod.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her, as her disappearance is very unusual for her
The local MP, Harriet Harman, has also been involved in the search for Petra.
She took part in hanging up posters with Petra's face on them.
We are very concerned about it," she said at a press conference on Saturday.
In connection with the disappearance, British police have already detained one suspect.
However, it is not clear who the man is or what he had in common with Petra.
Christmas in Czech Republic is terrorized by Agent Tesla.
While data in October indicated a slight decline in attack campaigns, last month saw a marked increase in attacks as the end of the year approached.
We saw a big campaign for Agent Tesla on November 18.
The attacks are targeted at the Czech Republic.
The attackers' strategy remains the same for now.
The infected attachment in the email is designed to grab the user's attention with a name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its name, this time it was called "Copy of invoice for 11,2021...exe," said Martin Jirkal from Eset.
Spyware includes features that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird or Yandex.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to the attackers.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and beginning of September, with the approaching holidays and the end of the year, the activity of the attackers is again on the rise.
In November, the Formbook spyware remained active.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case are not specifically targeting the Czech Republic, and security specialists in November detected more global campaigns.
Compared to October, Formbook has slightly weakened in November, but it is still responsible for nearly a fifth of all detections.
The attacks have been continuous throughout the month with increased activity on the 3rd, 10th and 15th of November.
Formbook contained the most common attachment with the extension .exe, named REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
However, the name invoice is still being used.
The attachment in Czech may be much more dangerous for the Czech user.
Security analysts have noted a significant drop and slowdown in activity at the Fareit programme, which accounted for 1.6 per cent of attacks and has not seen any major campaigns in the Czech Republic for several months.
Today's demo by the smarties who don't need oxygen, because oxygen is for vaccinated idiots.
The parade in Prague was bigger than the media reported.
According to the footage of the procession along the quayside and according to my experience, I estimate that there were around 10,000 people.
The people in the procession filled the quay and the bridge and the adjacent quay.
That means there are a lot of people.
An unprecedented number of passers-by spontaneously join the march of about 40,000 demonstrators.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokrý.
That the permanent dissatisfaction of several large groups or classes of the population led them to find common ground.
Even the antivaxxers, antimaskers and co. would not have been able to fill and pay for such a big parade.
The actions of the association Chcípl pes are on the rise, it reminds me of the Million Hours for Democracy Upside Down.
Sometimes I get the impression that they rent the same stage and equipment.
It is hard to say what movement could be made out of this dissatisfaction, it depends not only on the flow of money, but also on whether the three-dose vaccine from Pfizer does not become a four-dose or more vaccine.
It will certainly not be a left-wing or centrist movement, that's for sure.
The three-dose vaccine will almost certainly become a multi-dose vaccine, because it is clear that we will need to be re-vaccinated every six months.
I am very glad that vaccines have saved us.
A genius act of scientists, for which humanity is rightly proud.
End of the road, Bulgaria has a new prime minister calling for change
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has tasked Kiril Petkov, leader of the anti-corruption movement We Continue Change, which won the November elections, with forming a new government.
He has already managed to form a broad coalition government, which is expected to take office within a few days.
The political crisis in the country has been going on since April, when the previous government lost the elections under the pressure of anti-corruption protests.
But the winning parties, which had pledged to fight corruption and abuse of power, could not agree on a coalition, so there were two more snap elections.
What do cats do when no one is watching?
From "secretly" filmed footage, a global hit.
In Britain over the weekend, there were growing concerns about the fate of the 32-year-old Czech woman, who has been missing for several days.
Petra Srncova was last seen two weeks ago when she was on her way home from work in the south of London.
In addition to the police, the hospital's former employer or the member of parliament representing the part of London where she lived will also be contacted.
Petra's disappearance is completely out of character and we are becoming increasingly concerned for her welfare," said Lucy O'Connor, of Lambeth police, in a Saturday video.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and just wants to know where she is," she continued.
The missing Czech woman left work on Sunday, November 28, around 7:45 p.m. and headed home to the Camberwell area.
She was last seen in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3.
According to British media, Srncová worked as a "healthcare assistant" at the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which is part of Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
We are deeply concerned about our colleague, Petra, who is missing, said the group of health facilities in a tweet.
We are appealing for anyone who may have any information that could help her to come forward and speak to police," the statement continued.
The amateur painter of children's rooms in Šumperk, Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional Pirate Council member) was reported by an anonymous person for violating copyright.
However, the court found that the Krteček paintings in the Šumperk apartments did not violate the law.
In Ústí nad Labem, a month-long hole in the road in the form of a channel without a lid.
It was a matter of life and death.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the ŘSD, which owns the road, but it did not respond, so the pothole remained.
In the end, the authorities clarified responsibilities and ownership, and after a month, the ŘSD began "intensively addressing the situation".
