The great return of the Czech goofy is approaching.
Paul France was called up to the NHL.
Czech hockey goalie Pavel French, who has been going through a tough time in recent months, is back in the NHL.
The 31-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and could even get into the game.
The former goaltender for Litvinov, Plzen or Russian Chelyabinsk was injured in an NHL preseason game last October.
He played half a game for Vegas and hasn't stepped on an NHL ice surface since.
The incident occurred as the experienced goalkeeper was moving from one post to the other.
Paul French will be out approximately three to four weeks with injuries to his lower body, "announced the entire from Denver at the beginning of October.
His return to the NHL net has finally extended for more than two months.
On Sunday afternoon American time, he was summoned from a farm where he had caught four ducks and showed his old form.
In the AHL, he stopped 94.5% of the shots he faced.
A graduate of Pilsen hockey wants to finally make it and confirm that the best league in the world.
In his senior year, he had hip problems and missed his entire senior season.
In the NHL, Francis appeared in 36 games, posting a.923 save percentage.
Charles wishes Camilla a Happy Christmas, William and Kate pose in Jordan
Britain's Prince William and his wife Kate have chosen a family photograph taken during a trip to Jordan for their 2012 Christmas card.
His wish was also made public by Prince Charles, who used a photograph of him helping his wife Camilla into a cloak at a race meeting.
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported this on its website.
Wishes are sent to friends, co-workers and charities of their choice.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert.
The Duchess of Cambridge is wearing a long summer dress in khaki and so is Princess Charlotte.
Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, is wearing the same shorts and T-shirt combo as Princes George and Louis.
Who took the photograph, and when exactly it was taken, William and Kate are not saying.
Last year, the royal family posed for a Christmas card photo in front of a straw bale at their country estate in Norfolk.
The picture, which serves as a Christmas card, was also released by heir to the throne Prince Charles and his wife Camilla.
Photographer Sam Hussein caught them at the races in Ascot in June.
Charles, wearing a cylinder and a veil, helps Camille put on her veil to match her dress.
Slavia promised Berbak according to efotbal.cz million for the title, Tvrdík denied it.
Prague - Corruption investigators allegedly worked on the assumption that the accused former vice-chairman of the Czech Football Association, Roman Berbr, had been promised one million crowns from Slavia Prague for winning the 2018-2019 league title.
He informed the website efotbal.cz about it, saying he had access to part of the police files.
Jaroslav Tvrdik, the chairman of the Vršovice club's board, said that the blue-yellows didn't engage in any corrupt practices.
The server published transcripts of police wiretaps that implicate Slava mainly through her former sports director, Jan Nezmar, who left the club last summer.
According to the indictment, a one-time influential Red and White official was in frequent contact both with Berbak and with former sports director Roman Rogoz of then-second division side Vyšehrad, who is also among the accused.
Detectives allegedly were working with information that Slavia promised Berbrovi a financial reward if he won the title.
In 2019 the team SK Slavia Prague won the title in the first league.
The police body had knowledge that the league win should have Roman (Berbr) from functionaries of SK Slavia Prague promised million-dollar bribe, quoted from the file server.
A day later, according to criminologists, Berbr met not only with Nezmar, but also with the chairman of the board of Slavia, Tvrdík.
It is no longer clear from the file whether the police are still working on this information.
The sergeant denied any corrupt practices.
Between 2015 and 2017 we actively tried to influence the situation in Czech football and offered an oppositional alternative to its development.
We have never engaged in any illegal activities, we have never tried to influence referees contrary to the rules of fair play and we have never provided any kind of financial reward in this respect," Tvrdik told Seznam Novin.
In the tapes, Nezmar, among other things, indiscriminately insults some former Slavia players of dark skin, as well as his former boss Tvrdík.
The case of alleged match-fixing through referees was sparked last October by a police raid on several locations, including the Prague headquarters of the FAČR.
Top placed in the scandal is Berbr, who no longer holds any football function.
In mid-January, he was released from custody, along with former sports director of Vyšehrad Rogoz.
Drones, tanks, and nuke are larping cold war.
The guns will be new, but basically of the same type (the crew will have to leave the armored cabin and load the ammunition by hand without cover).
Cars - Toyota hi-lux - are new and good
Trucks and various armored vehicles - at a decent level, in addition, it has already been possible to get rid of the Praga V3S even in special units.
Aircraft: combat-capable, but at the end of their life, transport-wise, too small with a short range, but modern.
Drones - few and only small ones with no combat potential
Missiles - we don't have at all (but we are producing and exporting)
PVO: medium-cold war, obsolete; short-range - good, modern, relatively good number.
I've got the story.
The antelope herd is just outside of town.
They were just coming out of the river and doing crop damage, so I sat down.
When I came up, I could see there was a fisherman on the other side of the river.
I didn't want to make a fuss, so I sat still and I guess he didn't notice me.
I was hoping she'd leave before anything came out, but of course, a fox came along after a while.
I let her get within 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
Poor fisherman almost shit himself, waving his cap in all directions, so I called him a fox.
By the time I got off the bus, it was too late.
Meaning a meadow can be a prairie.
On the other hand, this isn't war. It's got to be an accumulation of coincidences for anything to happen. You're probably gonna be seen in the infrared by now, by almost everybody.
So, a very visible place, dear. Put the stuff under your feet and you should be all right.
Vojtech versus Hamacek.
Gobbled up the respirators much cheaper than the Ministry of Health
The state agency responsible for purchasing and distributing masks, gowns and respirators for the professions most closely involved with the coronavirus has spent billions of crowns in recent weeks on procuring them.
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that within a single day the amounts for respirators differed by hundreds of crowns.
Why did the prices move so dramatically?
Which authorities acted economically?
And why were other girls buying track suits?
Linka Kabrhelová talking to the editor of the iRozhlas server, Dominika Kubišová.
The soldiers and the army I respect (I guess I am not affected by the memories of the CSSR that the older generation went through), but the CR cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
We don't even have big stores of technology that they could seize, we don't even have modern technology for the current professionals, plus modern technology is getting more and more complex, so the skills of reservists will be rapidly lost over time.
That, and modern conventional conflict, which anybody can get involved in, will be over very quickly. There won't be time to retrain.
Finally, reserves/territorial defense are of great importance for countries like Ukraine, where a guerrilla war is to be waged and it is a stated necessity to repel the enemy.
In the territory of the Czech Republic will be fought only in a conflict of such magnitude and intensity, where guerrilla warfare will be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography.
especially the individual skill.
Even that's not the worst of it.
The worst is, half of them play like they've got one.
Then you get situations where you see a guy, who 2 minutes ago missed an open net, going on a 2-on-2 or even 3-on-3 rush by himself and you're like "oh fuck what does he think is going to happen here?"
Of course he gets elected like an average taxpayer.
The situation with this "draw a defender" thing is so awful, that I gotta say I'm honestly surprised to see that our attacker was able to draw one of the opponent players.
First light.
The Covid-19 pandemic is slowing down, however experts do not expect a major reversal in the coming weeks.
The surge in the hospitals, according to the statistical models, will persist for some time, and to the pandemic equation has been added a new unknown: omicron variant, which is very likely to be spreading faster than the prevailing Delta.
At the same time, it is not possible to say with absolute certainty whether it causes a more serious course, how much it is helped by vaccination or post-infectious immunity acquired by previous disease.
But there's been an unexpected phenomenon on the plus side of the Covid equation this week: the possibility of a cure.
A new drug, antivirum molnupirox, has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and related hospitalization by a third and can be taken at home.
Hopefully, it will soon be joined by Pfizer's paxlovide, which claims an 85% success rate in early trials.
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic not only raised hopes of expanding the portfolio of tools useful in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, but also highlighted the question of how the country's administration is prepared for the medicine's arrival.
As was said, the first to get molnupiravir to domestic patients will be Merck.
The company got to the tape first and foremost because the drug was developed long before the current pandemic erupted to find a suitable treatment for the viral disease in horses in the South American continent.
One thing that is often left out in this research is that people in the West (Germany, Sweden etc)
and openly share their views.
But Eastern Europeans - and Czechs in particular - are used to talking "as if we had a beak."
Like you do research where you ask people if they like Muslims.
In the Czech Republic, most people will tell you flat out that they don't.
In the West, they say they love migration, that they should all help and that we Czechs are racist bastards.
And then they go and vote for parties like the AfD.
Afraid of cancel culture, saying this in public means job loss and a media lynching.
Then it's nice in the surveys, west good, east bad.
But you actually find out what people think.
Only in France you have Le Pen and Zemmoura, both over 20% in the polls.
We even know the objects are made in Czechoslovakia and they are completely interchangeable.
Because the units are identical, the soldiers don't have to re-learn where everything is, so all the objects are fuzzy.
One is the Atom Museum Brdy and the other two are abandoned.
The funny thing is the U.S. didn't want to have nuke warheads on its soil either for safety or deployment reasons and because of its more Western orientation.
Only the warheads were stored in the bunkers, not the rockets themselves.
If this weapon was ever to be used, Special Forces would have come in and retrieved the warhead and mounted it on a delivery system.
Besides the museum maple, the rest are in a sad state.
In secondary school, we had a classmate Cigán, 4 years we were together.
He was pretty cool, he told good jokes, talked too much sometimes, but he was kind of our mascot.
Everyone socialised with him, he came in often to explain things, he was late a lot, he came in regularly, he did sport with us, he didn't steal snacks or telephones, he came in clean.
Went on field trips, did all the monkey business, but he was cool. Never got in trouble.
In eighth or ninth grade, cousins, Gypsies, different classes.
Shortly after, the teacher was beaten up, the police were there often, threatening and threatening the other students..
I personally sometimes sell something on ads (old stuff, something I don't need etc) and I have sold many times to Gypsies, they always had money, never tried to pull some attempts to bargain down the price, calm communication.
I even sold the car. The guy called me a month later and said he rewrote the check.
I myself say that I am not a racist, I do not care if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or other, as long as he behaves as he should in a decent society (works, functions, does not beat women, just normal behavior).
But when somebody comes along, they put their hand out, they run down the apartments and the houses, and there's just mess everywhere, and they're giving you a hard time.
I have no problem with African migrants if they integrate, start businesses, work, learn the language (not necessarily, English is fine), and respect our culture.
As long as they believe in Allah, I don't care. As long as they respect my traditions and culture, I will respect theirs.
A young woman died in a car crash in Prachatice
A young woman suffered severe multiple injuries and, despite resuscitation efforts, sadly succumbed to her injuries at the scene, "a spokeswoman for the West Bohemia Regional Ambulance Service Zuzana Fajtlova said.
The crash was probably caused by the driver who was carrying the girl.
An 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot car was probably travelling from Žíchovec to Bavorov and for unknown reasons swerved to the opposite lane in a bend.
The Peugeot ended up on the pavement on the other side of the road after the collision with the Octavia, Czech Police spokeswoman Stepanka Schwarzova described the accident.
The young driver of the Peugeot suffered very serious injuries in the accident.
The injuries were too numerous and he remained in the car, bound.
After his rescue, he had to be provided with acute pre-hospital care and in a stable condition he was airlifted to a hospital in České Budějovice, the paramedic Fajtlová said.
She added that the man from the other car had suffered lesser chest injuries and had been transported to a hospital.
New rules for parcels from non-EU countries, but customers often do not provide information
Lukas Neuheisel orders several times a month from abroad.
Mostly buys collector's cards.
Usually it can be tens of dollars, say from ten dollars up where it is worth importing, especially from Japan where postage is often free, "explains the collector.
Since October, his small parcel business has become more expensive, he now has to pay VAT and the post office has to provide customs management data.
He'll get an e-mail saying customs is expecting the package to arrive.
Then all you have to do is complete the dispatch note and, if VAT has not already been charged by the trader, it is calculated by the customs authorities on the total amount for the consignment plus transport.
In cases where the addressee does not carry out the customs procedure himself, the total amount shall also include the amount of the fees of the transporter.
But, according to Luke Neuheisel, the process isn't complicated at all.
I click one or two send buttons, drop in a couple of attachments, and I'm done.
For me it is mostly a question of five minutes, says Neuheisl.
Now, not all deliveries go smoothly.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of incoming foreign parcels at Prague's international post office has fallen from 60,000 to 15,000.
According to Česká pošta, another problem is that people do not respond to requests for information needed to complete customs procedures.
Currently, there are 30,000 consignments in the international post which we have to process.
If people had filled out all the information that is needed, and they would have filled it out on time, then we would be about halfway there, says Czech Post spokesman Matěj Vít.
Inflation resolution
In other words, how would you propose to deal with the current inflation?
Inflation currently stands at 9.9% and is expected to rise further.
What should the state do, in your opinion, to slow down, or at least compensate for this growth?
In Poland we see reduced VAT on food and alcohol, is this the way forward for you?
What do you think will happen that is inevitable about where this is going?
Prices are rising faster than wages, so I think it's inevitable that people won't be able to afford normal things, especially energy.
How much, for example, have you been added (who is an employee)?
I got a 2% raise this year, which is an insult, but fortunately, I have a similar salary from the business I run while I'm employed.
Can someone please explain to me why convicted rapists serve on average just 6 months?
This just doesn't compute in my brain, how a court can send only 6 months in jail such an animal behind bars just to do it/she again as soon as he/she gets out.
6 months is nothing compared to the trauma of a child victim carrying the trauma for several years, negatively affecting his/her sexual and general relationships.
And not to mention, a rape victim may never recover from that either.
Would this deter a potential future rape victim from coming forward?
Tombstone's "shoot first" man
The Grave Digger inadvertently helped officers secure his nationally-wanted girlfriend from the Cemetery, who was wanted on an arrest warrant.
Because he invited her.
Yeah, he took the long way around.
First, he flagged down a passerby and came up with a story about being robbed.
Officers who responded to the 911 call arrived at the scene and weren't laughing when the alleged "victim" told them he concocted the story to get officers to come out.
In fact, he only asked the officers for advice on how to file a complaint with the Czech Police.
Upon checking the man's identity and that of his companion, officers learned that the woman was on a national wanted list and had a warrant for her arrest.
Therefore, this case is being handled by the CBI.
Honest question for the folks here, do you consider our country to be Slavic?
Personally, I don't think we've been ethnically or culturally Slavic for a long time, but I'd be interested in your opinion.
Otherwise, of course, I agree with the memo. Too bad Churchill didn't get us the liberation of Prague.
Of course I'm not denying that we have a Slavic language.
Well I don't know, it's quite a leap of faith for a supposedly rational person to believe in something wholeheartedly without any evidence just because it might potentially bring some benefit.
Personally, I wouldn't count that as true faith.
I cannot agree with Pascal; there are approximately - if I am not mistaken - ten thousand different religions in the world.
Which god or gods does a person choose?
I would say it's pretty likely that somewhere among those thousands of religions is at least one god who will give you a nasty punishment if you believe in another god.
Surely there is no god but God.
Wouldn't it be more rational, in that case, to stick with believing in any god, rather than risk picking the wrong god out of thousands, and having that one real god, who I just happened to miss, send me to hell or some such place?
Other: voluntary training followed by entry into reserve.
The Swiss model is kind of similar.
X months of training (in different specializations, X months for one) and under the command of professionals with practical experience.
One can get professional offers if one has done well.
All DHS components could use something like this.
This could be done in cooperation with the Defense University.
We can put it this way: there is constant collusion between the educational sector and industry, firms fish in schools and there is a kind of cross-over as the workforce migrates from educational institutions into employment.
Not just in adolescence, but this process goes on throughout life, as each of us learns new things, moves from one field to another, and so forth.
Similar cross-fertilization should take place between the civilian and military sectors.
I also see it as a way to build a relationship between the citizen and the army, the institution that guarantees that Russia's, Germany's or Genghis Khan's armies won't invade again.
I find it funny that you consider NATO something carved in stone, we have allies and they will defend us if push comes to shove.
Well, good for you.
One election in the US screws up their budget and the whole of NATO goes down the tubes.
The British will trade us for Russian money, the Germans will trade us for Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that all you have to do is show up and take what you want.
The only thing that has consistently worked as a guarantee of independence is an armed force and a populace that can operate the military technology of its day.
And any teenager can fly a remote-control device these days, so what's the problem?
We don't need frontier fortification, that's so yesterday, but a bored teenager with a remote control is another story.
How to survive a box tsunami
You wrap up all the presents under the tree and suddenly your house is overflowing with boxes and fillers?
This waste is then used by e-shops, which lack packaging materials.
So I made a map of all the businesses that take the boxes you use.
And it's not just at Christmas.
All packaging materials shall be designed to withstand repeated handling.
Therefore, it is a pity that they are treated as single-use packaging.
Anyone can bring cardboard boxes, plastic or paper fillers to a participating business (a map of participating businesses is available on the KAMsNIM website).
This will support small businesses, reduce the amount of waste created and also avoid overloaded blue bins.
The businesses themselves welcome the packaging which is currently in short supply and the money saved, because packaging cardboard has become 50% more expensive in the last period.
I also strengthen my brand with environmentally-conscious customers.
TIERRA VERDE is one of those companies.
Boxes and filler material are transported to Popůvky u Brna by individuals who accumulate them at home. We also receive calls from companies with which we have arranged regular deliveries of used cardboard.
We use it for our e-shop's packaging.
Together, individuals and companies are making a more considerate world.
Our wish is to preserve the resources and beauty of nature for future generations, "says Petra Lopushnikova of Tierra.
However, the www.KAMsnim.cz application also shows not only collection points for packaging material.
It serves as a search engine if you need to get rid of anything (where to take sorted household waste, where to deliver expired medicines, tyres, electrical appliances, batteries, lighting sources, bulky waste, etc.).
All waste then ends up in the right place, and second-hand items find their way to a new home.
In total, the project map contains more than 100,000 such locations.
Gradually, more and more collection points, re-use centres, textile containers, food banks, charity shops, SWAP points and other places that help find uses for things that would otherwise become waste are being set up, "said Miroslav Kubášek, one of the authors of the application from the Clean up the Czech Republic civic association.
Rather, it seems to me that the problem is that, these days, the technology is so simple and foolproof that kids who play games on computers or phones don't learn enough basic computing skills.
There has been a recent upsurge (especially in the English-language press) of concern that college students are not understanding the principle of composing on a computer.
Because, I don't know, Google Pictures, or Apple's iPhoto, or even cell phones in general just hide the underlying filesystem with folders and just show everything on one big screen in the application.
They use the baby technique if they want, but they must learn something.
Rewriting history, really
Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French EU presidency - which starts in January - last weekend and it was quite spectacular.
Macron spoke for more than an hour, during which he unveiled the presidency's logo, called for the protection of Europeans - at work, in the streets - and mentioned so many actions that half a year will not suffice to carry them out.
French politicians like this and French voters like this.
His supporters across the right-left divide agree on very little, but Europe is one of the things they agree on.
In France, there will be a new presidential election in April.
The electoral calendar has influenced priorities itself.
The French leader mentioned, inter alia, that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to provide the conditions for such work by historians.
Many commentators were quick to criticize Macron for what they saw as pro-European propaganda and a distortion of history.
In reality, they are attempting to rewrite history.
The far-right candidate for the French presidency, Éric Zemmour, is currently touring France arguing that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, wasn't so bad, and he is having some success with French voters.
Let us take Macron's idea of a single history textbook seriously, and ignore events in France.
Wouldn't there be?
Students in European countries often learn history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of us all.
The Spaniards, the French, the Czechs all know who defeated whom in which battle.
But if they don't have an enlightened superintendent, they never learn the wider context of an event.
Picture of the year is Quo Vadis, Aida?
The Czech "Mouse" did not win.
The story, which refers to the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, also won awards for Best Director and Best Actress for Jasna Duric.
At this year's Karlovy Vary Festival he ranked among the audience favorites.
The Best Actor award at Berlin went to Anthony Hopkins for The Father.
I'm not too young, I'm not too healthy/fit, and I'm not vaccinated.
It was like having the flu/a hangover A couple of days of diarrhea and I didn't feel like smoking...
It was worse than the common cold.
I don't have diarrhea with the flu.
(This is just my personal experience. I'm not saying that this is the case for everyone)
Book tips for Christmas
The Christmas double issue, coming out on 20 December, will have the traditional literary supplement.
And along with it, cultural tips.
We are providing you, our subscribers, with an extra copy of the book to give as a Christmas present, for example.
Practical texts continuing the previous similar collection Petric Petric Sellier & Petric Bellot.
Another dose of observing the world and describing everyday things with an extraordinary poetic attention, depth and atmosphere.
In his second prose Šesták attempted to capture the essence of the small town and Czech society.
A narrative of return to one's roots which proves to be an illusory desire.
The feminist and comparativist translates the tale of Little Red Riding Hood into the setting of a contemporary village.
Its depictions of brutality transcend folk versions and graduate into a horror of emotional void.
And that the road back to instinct... is shorter than we're willing to admit.
In his penultimate novel, the author tells a much less sentimental story of return than we are used to hearing.
The ones that stayed and the ones that left don't know enough about each other to make a marriage work.
Trains start running according to the new timetable
Starting from Sunday, trains on the railway will run according to the new timetable.
The biggest change is the replacement of carriers on some routes, for example between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín where instead of ČD, RegioJet will begin to operate.
Most of the lines only have their departure time changed, or sometimes their route slightly.
The railway will also get tens of new trains.
Transport operators started selling tickets already in the autumn.
České Dráhy plans to operate 6783 passenger trains daily on the new timetable, of which 478 will be long-distance trains.
The trains will cover some 118 million kilometres under the new timetable.
In addition to domestic connections, international services will run to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria and Switzerland.
The company is putting dozens of new trains into service along with the new timetable.
The main novelty will be InterJet trains running on the Prague - Cheb route.
The next new trains will leave for North Moravia or western Bohemia.
The carrier also traditionally increases ticket prices from the next year, by an average of 3.2 percent.
Railways take into account inflation in their tariffs every year.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the introduction of the R23 line from Úsť nad Labem - Mělník - Nymburk - Kolín.
The railway undertaking shall replace České dráhy following a call for tender procedure of the Ministry of Transport.
Daily, RegioJet will operate a total of 16 flights, eight in each direction.
Other changes include through connections between Prague and Brno, which from Sunday will also stop at Havlíčkov Brod, Žďáry nad Sázavou and Kolín.
Leo Express will keep its 16 departures, 2 return trips to Slovakia and also weekend departures to Krakow.
According to spokesperson Emil Sedlářik, the carrier tried to maintain as similar as possible travel times for its long-distance trains despite the scheduled disruptions.
There should be no major disruption to Arriva's and other train operators' services.
The driver shall be changed also on some regional routes.
Passengers can expect changes, for example in Česká Lípa, where the route from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk will no longer be served by České dráhy, but by Die Länderbahn's Trilex trains.
For the second year running, passengers will also benefit from reduced rail fares.
Like the Czech Railways, its price has increased by 3.2% due to inflation.
I'm afraid I must disagree.
Don't we learn by looking at the other side?
We hear everywhere about how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to toil and die.
I've never heard a rebuttal from the pro-slavery side or from anyone who doesn't condemn it.
Nobody even tells you in school that it was black people, oftentimes, that sold other black people into slavery and that they were oftentimes the worst slavers.
No one will tell you in school that the settlers often bought the land from the Indians. They'll just tell you how brutally we Europeans slaughtered them, while they slaughtered each other.
I spent some time in the US also, right in the schools, both northern schools and southern schools.
I didn't meet anyone who deliberately distorted the facts, but I've heard about it before, and I think it's a problem, I don't deny that.
My point was really that history isn't black and white and that we tend to look at it through modern eyes, without understanding.
History doesn't care about your feelings, it's just what it is, and I think it's a fatal error to judge without looking at it in the context of its time.
On the other hand, we should learn from it and not do it again.
By the way, while we're on the subject of the Southern states, yes, Confederate flags and famous slave owners are quite popular down there, but so are they've had some pretty good successes and I find it absurd to dismiss them.
Besides, the North wasn't much better, as some people like to idealize it today.
And lots of people forget that not everybody in the South was a slave owner and a lot of things went against them too.
This I would not compare with Russia, they deliberately omit some facts, they lie and manipulate, moreover, for example, our view does not exist (on YT was a TV video where someone was punched who started talking about our legionnaires and 1968)
What struck me about U.S. schools was the rise of Marxism and the idolizing of communism, something their countries had never experienced.
Overall, I found that at some universities it was appalling, that the students were quite radicalized, and the school nurtured it many times.
And when I imagine that these people will one day be much older, I feel a bit sick at the thought that this could be the voice of the majority, because among the young, and even in the ruling elite.
It seems to me that feminism achieved what it set out to achieve a long time ago and that it is no longer about that, that it has become radicalised.
Currently, those who have nothing to do with him and who ignore basic biological facts are feminists, as are other groups such as LGBT, which leads to radicalization on the other side, often leading to opposition to quite reasonable things.
Besides, the more radical someone is, the more they get heard.
For all that, I have not ended up being condemned for colonialism or slavery.
I guess it was bad geography on both our parts:D
Not because I don't like it here, but because I think it's pointless.
Am I supposed to be proud of something I didn't do?
Besides, I think the whole concept of nationality is useless in terms of personal identity.
What connects me to people is interests, visions of the world and shared experiences, not the place we were born.
I am not a believer, but as far as I can tell you, we have two Greek Catholic parishes, one Ukrainian and one Slovak.
This Slovak priest is a really nice guy, his sermons are more about theology than politics, but then he always throws in a coconut about coronavirus to be on the safe side.
Then, of course, there is the Czechoslovak Hussite Church.
They are officially Protestant, but in fact they are the birth of Catholic modernism, and they are Catholics without the Pope.
I know lots of people who are Catholics, but they go to Hussite services because it's theologically very similar, but the members are usually more liberal.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická street.
Otherwise, the church of St. Michael at the Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans and they even hold a mass in Latin every Sunday at 15.00, just as it used to be before Vatican II.
Bethlehem's Flame is in the Czech Republic Scouts took it from Austria
Břeclav - A flame lit in Bethlehem, where according to the Christian tradition Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
You scouted for him during the coronavirus pandemic but didn't even go to Vienna this time. Your Austrian colleagues handed him over at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing.
They took it from her at the border last year.
The Bethlehem Lights is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we have participated in every year with the department, and I look forward to it very much.
It is an honour for me to be chosen, said Girl Scout Amalia Budikova to the present journalists.
Last year the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov - Drasenhofen, directly on the border bridge, this year it took place at the Reintal - Břeclav border crossing on the parking lot.
But usually, he takes the train to Vienna.
There is no change in the distribution of flame across the Czech Republic.
Accompanied by Bethlehem lights, the scouts traditionally board a train to first go to Brno, where they hand over the crib to the diocesan bishop Vojtěch Cikrle.
On Saturday 18 December, Scout couriers will distribute the lights on the selected high-speed and intercity trains.
They will hand over the flame to local scouts or volunteers who will then spread the flame across the Czech Republic as well as those places where there are no railways.
This summer, Scouts must continue to observe existing precautions to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
It's deja vu all over again.
We recommend to these courier teams and also to the organizers of local events, of course, to wear vests, to try to keep a distance, to be as few as possible, not to sing to colleagues, just to behave so that it is as safe as possible, "said Betlémské světlo spokesperson Zuzana Hrbíková.
The tradition of the Bethlehem Light, which is to be found all over Europe, has its origin in Austria.
The aim is to spread, along with the flame, the idea of peace, friendship and brotherhood.
The Bethlehem light is a symbol of hope for the faithful... a light that pierces the darkness.
In the Czech Republic, Scouts have been caring for it for more than 30 years.
The action is standing on hundreds of volunteers, the flame is also a symbol of selflessness and human solidarity.
All news, including a list of places where people can come for a flame, can be found on the website www.betlemskeskvetlo.cz.
I don't have an economic education, so I don't know the basics of economics which confirm that subsidies are a cancer of the economy, but I don't think that subsidies as a whole would be a problem.
Infrastructure development, ecology (e.g. water retention), health and education can make good use of the money, I just don't see why the money should go into agriculture, industry and firms in general.
As mentioned - it produces excess product and distorts the free market and "the natural life of the company."
I myself work in a factory where there are a million banners in the corridors saying 'XY project funded', 'XY project co-financed', and the company is just kept artificially alive.
This isn't support for a company that employs x people, this is theft of development where that company hangs on and takes business/employment from firms that could grow and be more productive after its demise
I totally agree, it's awful.
Even someone who was born on the Internet falls for tricks and traps from time to time, especially when it comes to advertising.
I actually think that online ads don't work on me at all, but then I catch myself humming the tune the very next day.
For this reason, I support the radical voices in the European Parliament, which currently want to impose a total ban on product placement advertising...
It's all crap, in a word - I would ban the Internet.
I feel like this virus has roots in (but is mainly in point 1):
1. "I won't believe in something that most people believe in and makes sense, I'm not a sheep, I'd rather believe in something that's less likely, it doesn't make much sense, but it's important that I have my own original view, which I'll claim is a critical thought."
2. "I won't believe everything I read in the papers"
3. "I don't trust politicians"
Television is giving in to the trend of Christmas movies, premiering two hundred of them this year.
Los Angeles - Movie theaters, TV channels and streaming platforms in the U.S. and other English-speaking countries have fallen in line with the Christmas movies trend and will premiere a record number of more than 200 this year.
It was calculated by the movie database IMDb.
The genre of Christmas-themed family and romantic movies has been scoring big with audiences in recent years, and dramatically increases viewership, which is why they keep getting made.
This year, four times as many Christmas films were made as in 2011 and twice as many as five years ago.
However, the IMDb database only includes those movies that have the word Christmas in the title, so the actual number of holiday films is much higher.
The movies that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always been there.
In the Czech Republic, this period is mainly associated with fairy tales. Globally, movies such as Home for the Holidays, Love Actually or the 1946 classic It's a Wonderful Life are popular.
But the right trend of Christmas movies took off in 2009 when US cable network Hallmark launched a special film series, the BBC reported.
Her advent project called Countdown to Christmas then included four films and was a great success.
This year, the station started treating its viewers on October 22, presenting a total of 42 Christmas photos.
Competitor Lifetime has 35 new holiday-themed movies in its lineup this year, and popular streaming platforms like Netflix contribute to the overall total.
It doesn't matter that much in this magical time of storytelling, but it's important that there's a lot of Christmas trees in the background and it's snowing," Gray overstates the genre's case in his book I'll Be Home For Christmas Movies.
For viewers, it's a form of escape and a way to feel some calm in the middle of all the holiday craziness and the craziness of the world we've been living in for the last couple of years.
He argues, for instance, that Hallmark Channel's movies have a formulaic but successful recipe.
You've got two people who fall in love, but then, with about half an hour remaining, some misunderstanding arises, which is, of course, successfully resolved and they kiss.
It just goes on and on, and as long as all the films look similar and have a similar feel to them, people are going to watch one after another, adds Gray.
Mazepin tested positive for Covid-19, he will not race in the final F1 race of the season.
Only 19 drivers will line up for the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi in Formula One.
Nickita Mazepin has tested positive for Covid-19 and will not compete in the final race of the season.
Staj Haas is only sending one car out on the track.
In the last race of the season he was running for a better position than 20th, which he qualified for.
Russian Nikita Mazepin will not, after all, race for Haas at this weekend's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Because he tested positive for Covid-19.
There are only 19 cars on the grid, Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher makes his debut from the back of the grid, Max Verstappen starts from pole position and will go head to head with Lewis Hamilton for the title.
According to Haas, Mazepin is relatively okay and doesn't show any signs.
Nikita's physically fine because he was asymptomatic.
He is now in isolation and will follow the instructions of the relevant public health authorities, with safety being the overriding priority for all concerned," his representatives said in a statement to formula1.com.
He can't enter a replacement driver in the race.
Any substitute would have to be trained or drive at another part of the weekend.
The first racer does not have cov-19.
At the start of the season just finished had CVID-19 Kimi Raikkonen, last year were positively tested Sergio Pérez to Lewis Hamilton.
You can go to jail for this too.
AND EVERYONE WILL BE WONDERING WHY THE CHIEF SAID SO.
Legally, Covid is listed as a contagious disease.
I mean in the same group as HIV, smallpox, yellow fever, typhus.
Article 152
(1) Whoever intentionally causes or increases the risk of the introduction or spread of an infectious human disease shall be punished by a sentence of imprisonment of 6 months to 3 years, a ban on employment or forfeiture of property.
(2) The penalty of imprisonment of two years to eight years shall be imposed on the offender who:
(c) the employee breaches a significant obligation arising from his employment, profession, position or function or imposed on him by law, by such act; or
heavy damage to health.
(3) The penalty of imprisonment of three years to ten years shall be imposed on the offender if the act referred to in paragraph 1 results in serious injury to the health of at least two persons or death.
(4) The penalty for the offence referred to in paragraph 1 shall be a term of imprisonment of between 5 and 12 years if the act results in the death of at least two persons.
Quiz: Why do failing firms so often have women at the helm and what should you never, ever allow your boss to do
The gender pay gap, i.e. the difference between men's and women's wages, has been one of the highest in the EU for a long time.
What countries have the biggest gaps?
And in what age category and what industry do women make the least amount of money compared to men?
Test yourself on what you know about unequal pay.
Gold, silver and 150 diamonds make the price of this coat astonishing!
It's a bit like a portable jewellery shop and the maker has put six months work and all his savings into it.
Liban, who spent 3,000 hours over six months on his piece, admits, "I had a vision of what I wanted to create but little experience - sweatshirts are never really worn back home."
The silk is from Italy, the 24-karat gold thread from France, and the 2,000 decorative crystals are by Swarowski.
The silver stars were then embellished with 150 diamonds.
Silk gives the sweater elasticity.
There's another catch.
I'm totally broke, I have to sell my sweater as soon as possible, Liban admits.
If successful, he will set a new world record.
The previous most expensive sweater, sold five years ago, only cost 720,000 crowns.
If the CU is detached from reality, it doesn't much matter - let it spin off in its own orbit and replace it with a new one.
The fact is that a US withdrawal from Europe would help its non-Russian parts (those under Russia's thumb) enormously.
I think it would go a long way to cleansing the social climate.
Alternatively, the channels of "Soviet brotherly help" would have been better clarified for some of our political parties and leaders.
Then those who vote for them will know more clearly whose interests they really serve.
Too bad he doesn't own TikTok.
A lot of growing pains would suddenly find the sun was shining...
Trump has openly encouraged the abuse of suspects, reaping what he has sown.
The state of affairs in the US with a leading African-American reporter.
In the United States, new cases of police brutality continue to emerge, this time during interventions during national protests.
Demonstrations that erupted after an African American, George Floyd, was killed by a police officer during an arrest have opened up a debate on systemic racism, the work of the police, and cases of brutality against American minorities.
Lenka Kabrhelova speaks with one of the leading African-American journalists, The Atlantic magazine reporter Adam Serwer.
But how would that increase financing?
The EU is pouring money into us in the form of subsidies.
If it quits doing that, we quit having that money.
I really don't see how us not taking the Union's money will stop us using that money for something else...
You can make the argument that the money from those endowments could be put to better use, but that's a whole other discussion.
Is it even possible for an establishment like this to avoid taxes?
Is it possible for an inn to evade taxes?
I mean, when a piece of meat passes veterinary inspection, it must be logged somewhere. It can't just disappear.
Likewise, I don't think The Source and The Spring are bottling moonshine.
But you know what? Too often, they don't even give me a receipt, or they take it from me and throw it away.
The government has approved the sending of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Engineers, explorers and drone pilots could be on their way before Christmas, with a mission approved for six months.
They are to help their Polish colleagues secure the border with Belarus and build a planned fence.
Poland has officially asked for NATO's help, in the light of several months of action by the Belarusian regime, which is inviting citizens from the countries of the Middle East to enter its territory with the false promise of an easy crossing of the EU's borders.
British and Estonian troops are already on Polish soil.
Is the Omikron mutation spreading in southern Moravia?
Hygiene is investigating another Adam baby case.
We currently have another suspected case of this variant in another child from Adam's class.
There is no direct contact with previous cases from Adamov's school proven, "said Ciupek.
Six cases have appeared in the county in the last week.
We are still awaiting official confirmation of the variant in our six cases from the National Influenza Reference Laboratory at the State Health Institute in Prague," said the Director.
She added that they are two nurses from the same workplace at Brno's Faculty Hospital and two children of one of them, and also two eleven-year-old pupils of Adamov's secondary school.
There's no connection between the Brno cases and Adam.
Three have mild symptoms, four are asymptomatic.
Nobody suspected of being Omega has travelled abroad
None of them had travelled abroad, nor had anyone in their families, nor had they had any contact with anyone who had been abroad.
Nobody has anything to do with the champion in water polo, "said Ciupek.
Earlier, the Chief Sanitary Officer Pavla Svrčová mentioned the international water polo tournament that took place in Brno a few weeks ago.
The team included players from South Africa and one Belgian player fell ill after his return.
California will limit gun sales.
He wants to make it like the Texas abortion law.
California Governor Gavin Newsom announced on Saturday a plan to ban the sale and manufacture of some guns in the most populous US state using the same legal mechanism used by Texas in its controversial law against abortions performed after a fetal heartbeat is detected.
People would then be entitled to recover damages from anyone manufacturing or selling assault weapons and homemade machine guns in California.
Newsom's announcement responded to a Friday ruling by the US Supreme Court, which upheld the Texas abortion ban, going against almost 50 years of precedent that established the right to abortion nationwide up to around the 24th week of pregnancy.
However, the court was not ruling on the constitutionality of the entire Act, but on a technical issue arising from the innovative design of the measure.
The enforcement of the ban was thus transferred to the public in this case, making it impossible for the Texas Republicans to challenge it in the normal way.
California Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. today issued the following statement:
If states can now block review of their laws by the federal courts, then California will use this power to protect human lives, "Newsom said.
He has reportedly instructed his subordinates to work with the State Parliament and the Minister of Justice on measures that would empower members of the public to enforce the ban on assault rifles and so-called ghost guns.
This is how homemade weapons - without serial numbers - can be used to get around regulations.
Newsom wants "private citizens" to have the right to demand compensation of at least $10,000 (over 220,000 CK) and court expenses from anyone who manufactures, distributes, or sells assault rifles, "ghost guns," or the kits to make them in California.
If the most effective way to keep these terrible weapons off our streets is to create a threat of private lawsuits, then that is exactly what we should do, "said the California governor.
The AP reports that California had banned the manufacture and sale of some military-style weapons for decades, but in June a federal judge blocked the state's ban as unconstitutional.
Were the state to truly renew the ban using the Texas template, the words of liberal Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor would be confirmed, as she warned in a dissenting opinion to the Friday majority ruling against expanding the legal mechanism to other US states.
But the Supreme Court did not give the Texas abortion ban a blanket immunity from judicial review, allowing the abortion clinics to proceed with their lawsuits against individual state officials.
Every emergency vaccination campaign has a public testing phase, in which the vaccination scheme is gradually worked out, and also to improve the vaccines themselves, based on the results.
The big 4-dose study from Israel, perhaps.
And these trials show that, in the majority of patients, a five-fold increase in antibodies is achieved, which has the aforementioned long-term effect.
Just like any other vaccine, it will eventually wear off, it's just doing it too quickly.
Another fact is that a new vaccine, based on the inactivated virus, which promises to be up to 10x more effective, is expected to reach the market soon.
Steal the grain and ignore the rest.
But re-evaluate what you're learning.
Since the days of Maria Theresa our civilization and technology has progressed a bit and learning by heart phone books and descriptions of textbooks into notebooks doesn't make much sense and is a real waste of time.
A savagery must be bred out of them.
On the other hand, how many people leave high school with a basic understanding of finance?
And the other things she'll need to live?
How can I legally stream the Champions League online?
Do you know if there's a Czech online service that would let me watch the Champions League for a fee?
At home, we have the Netbox, and I subscribe to the sports package on Telly for the Spanish and English football leagues.
It does not include the UEFA Champions League.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change TV and internet provider.
Poland threatened to stop payments to the EU budget
According to Ziobro, the European Commission would act unlawfully if it exercised new powers to withhold money from Poland in a dispute over the rule of law.
The Commission has already put on hold the approval of the Polish plan to draw 36 billion euros from the Union's fund for the recovery of economies hit by the Covid-19 pandemic.
And it is under pressure from the European Parliament to go further and use the mechanism to withhold EU funding from countries that breach the principles of the rule of law.
Poland "should respond to this blackmail by the EU by vetoing on all issues which require unanimity," said Ziobro, head of the small Solidaristic Poland party, whose votes the current government would lose without.
Poland should also consider its commitments in the Union's energy and climate policy, which lead to a drastic increase in energy prices, Ziobro added.
If the dispute continues, I shall ask Poland to suspend its contributions to the EU.
This would be justified by the fact that the EU is illegally withholding funds from the common budget, to which we also contribute, the Polish minister added.
Its stance on EU accession is more radical than that of the ruling Justice and Development Party.
According to the European Commission, the changes to the Polish judiciary under Ziobro's tenure threaten its independence and subordinate it to politicians.
Ziobro says 'impossible conditions' are being set by Brussels 'because its goal is not the state of law, but a change of government in Poland'.
Warsaw faces a "political dictate imposed by blackmail and an attempt to overturn democratic decision by several million Poles," Ziobro added.
He said that Poland should be part of an EU based on the partnership of sovereign states, not on the rule of the most powerful and the Brussels bureaucracy beyond democratic control.
He said his side would never agree to concessions by Brussels that would limit Polish sovereignty.
We will never agree to make Poland a colony, "he declared.
But to really know cheese... we in the People's Republic have one kind of cheese, but four different places to put it.
I wasn't looking at anything else, I met the yogurt multiple times, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the milk aisle, I gave up and asked.
They did, that's true, in that small sector, all the selected cheeses, less common and special cheeses, but it was between the vegetarian zone and the no-lactose zone...
If there's an escape, I won't even go to the supermarket, action or no action, gold cram on the square, maybe they don't have such a selection, but they usually have everything I need and it's organized, so I can get it in ten minutes.
To the Hollow to take my leave.
I don't care anymore.
For two years I've watched this country handle data like dirt, with most of the anti-vaxxers just a smidge less full of shit than most of the pro-vaxxers.
Technically there is a rational debate going on, but only extreme views are entering the public space.
Wall to wall, floor to ceiling.
Binary thinking: vaccination will save us, vaccination will not.
To ban, to allow.
Colorful cakes instead of robust analyses.
Comparing apples to oranges.
This state has it like this and we have it like this.
That the data-collection methodology is different
Wow, I feel so relieved.
Sorry for the outburst. Have a good day, all.
I was grounded a lot as a kid.
It was never about the grades, mostly it was about me repeatedly not listening and being disobedient (reading instead of going to bed, fighting with my brother etc).
At the same time, I've never been punished without a warning, my mom always threatens me first that if I do it again, I'll get a spanking (and sometimes even after a spanking, she just brings the spoon and puts it down so I can see it).
It was only after repeated refusal to listen that I received a few smacks on the bottom (through clothing).
Personally, I think that physical punishments (done in a reasonable manner and to a reasonable extent) are beneficial, because the child responds to them much more than to words.
I think the important part is the warning part, because that, in a way, gives the child a choice: am I going to listen or am I going to get a time-out?
It usually only takes a warning for me to start listening.
System Defense
When asked by a journalist in 1999 what the Czech Constitution meant to him, a prominent Czech lawyer and constitutional judge, Vojtech Cepl, replied that it was a sacred document to which one swore in school, or, on the contrary, an agreement that could be changed if necessary.
We once agreed in the Constitution on the democratic rules of our life, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens, and with changes to better protect it.
And imagine: some people actually like their rules.
Just as Czechs like to eat knedlíky with pork and cabbage, Vojtech Cepl glossed the question back then.
However, there is a growing consensus among legal experts that the Czech Constitution needs to be amended.
The years are tested by situations that their creators (including Vojtech Cepl) could not predict, for example, the behavior of a directly elected president.
But Cepl was right about one thing.
All we know about such documents shows that political intervention in their texts must be surgical.
It must be understood and actively defended, for it is the key to managing most of the crises that societies face throughout history.
A constitution is also a kind of rule book for governing that sets out the rules that politicians must follow.
We fear it will be abused too much against minorities or individuals, so we tie the politicians' hands with prohibitions.
But at the same time, the constitutional texts also make it possible for politicians to abuse their power.
Covid doesn't discriminate, premature baby fighting for his life at FN Brno
Although it is known that the coronavirus is milder in children, severe cases have been found and hospitals are dealing with them, especially recently.
We know that children are at risk and affected less than adults, speaking of 2 to 5 percent compared to adults, "said News primarius of the Department of Paediatric Anaesthetics and Resuscitation at Brno University Hospital and Faculty of Medicine Masaryk University Petr Dominik.
The course is substantially easier, lighter, often symptom-free.
However, there are paediatric patients who are severely ill with the coronavirus, as we have seen in particular in the last period,' Dominique said.
The doctor says there are dozens of children who need only minor support.
This one's at a pediatric infectious disease clinic.
Really very sick kids with coronavirus are only recently on ARU.
The children with post-covid syndrome were on the ward continuously throughout the year according to the doctor.
Now there's an upsurge in kids with acute C.O.V.I.D. pneumonia, that is, with severe chest infections requiring intensive care treatment, "he said, adding that the illness is affecting not only adults but also adolescents and infants as young as a few months old.
There are children in intensive care with this coronavirus.
We currently have infants and toddlers all the way up to adolescents, said the chief.
He is, of course, delighted that no child deaths from coronavirus have so far been recorded at the FN Brno children's hospital.
According to the available data, there were 6 deaths of children aged 0 to 14 years in the Czech Republic by December 6.
According to Dominik, at the Children's Hospital - not just in the Coronavirus Department - the work of a psychologist is an integral part of cooperation.
It also points out that, just like in adults, vaccination mitigates the disease in children and reduces the occurrence of post-covid syndrome.
Therefore we also recommend vaccination in children, "the doctor added.
In the quiet zone, you can only walk on the paths.
But those safety zones aren't that big.
You can see them on the tourist map at map.cz.
In general in national parks outside the rest zone you can walk anywhere (but not through fences into enclosures).
Skiing/biking in forest outside marked trails nowhere unless you have an exemption (but of course this is rarely if ever enforced outside national parks).
How does a conductor practice?
Music is in my head, and Kaiser Joseph is laughing.
It's on loan from the Leipzig Opera and was originally a woodwind instrument.
He can sing practically the whole repertory as a singer and he has conducted not only in the F. X. Šalda's Theatre in Liberec but also in Plzeň, in the Josef Kajetán Tyl's Theatre.
He cooperates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic, the Film Philharmonic, or with the East Bohemia Symphony Orchestra.
China is projecting an image of controlled infection and that the authoritarian regime is facing the crisis better
Sinologist Jirousek: China creates an impression of controlled infection and that the authoritarian regime faces the crisis better.
China has launched a health and political offensive.
A few months ago, Beijing was taking criticism for not being able to stop an outbreak that had become a global pandemic.
Countries are now reporting zero growth in infections.
Countries including the Czech Republic are competing for Chinese protective gear, and Chinese doctors are helping to fight the coronavirus outbreak in many places, including hard-hit Italy.
How should we view Beijing's intentions?
Is it a question of friendly support, or does the Communist regime want to improve its image in the world?
He meets a friend of a friend and says, "Hey, you want an elephant?"
I got it, and it's beautiful.
The wife's happy because he's mowing the lawn, washing the car, playing with the kids.
Wow. Just, wow.
I'll sell you the elephant for 5,000.
Yeah, I'm pumped. It's gonna be awesome.
After some time they meet up and the one who bought complains: you fool, what did you sell the elephant for???
The lawn's dead, there's giant piles of shit everywhere, the car's a wreck, the kids are terrified, and the wife wants a divorce.
The one who sold it says: "You can't advertise an elephant by talking about an elephant."
World events are controlled by the superpowers.
Despite the equality of sovereign states, it is the great powers that determine the course of international events.
Europe can only become a great power if it works at its integration.
The latter works at the economic and political level (on selected issues), but military integration is still missing.
Personally, I think Europe is heading for federalism.
It won't be in 10 years, 15 years or 20 years.
But maybe in the middle of the century, the mood will be right and it will happen.
That crossed my mind, too. It's a strong possibility.
Now, I'm no expert on the Czech language, so maybe I'm splitting hairs.
Just assuming that the ellipse would usually encompass two different units at the same level.
I will borrow an example from another comment, 'Spanish oranges and mandarins', where it is clear that both come from Spain, whereas with 'Spanish fruit and mandarins' it is no longer clear that the mandarins are from Spain.
Besides, I'm basing it on the fact that the sentence is "all American might," meaning including their guns, and I know American complexes are run by Americans only.
In other words, I would expect this to be covered under that umbrella and not something that needs to be specified for the US forces.
But again, I'm just playing with words.
But anyway, it's an unreasonable demand.
A quake with a magnitude of 5 was recorded in Tokyo.
Japan's capital Tokyo and surrounding areas were hit by an earthquake measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale on Sunday.
Witnesses reported buildings swaying in the capital, but there are no immediate reports of damage.
There was no tsunami warning issued, Reuters news agency reported.
Vicki Holland from the UK tortured a capuchin monkey named Milly
Disturbing footage shows the terrified monkey cowering in a toilet before its callous owner flushes it away and laughs.
Holland also fed the monkeys with sausages, kebabs and hamburgers, regardless of their real nutritional needs.
A magistrates' court in Gwent has now banned her from keeping animals for life, The Sun newspaper reports.
The primate rehabilitation specialists caring for Milly after her ordeal said they had never seen a cosmonaut so terrified.
Milly spent almost two years in rehabilitation with the staff at Monkey World in Dorset and is now happily playing with another rescued monkey called Moon.
The quadruple mother has pleaded not guilty to two counts of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
She was sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, suspended for one year, at Gwent Magistrates' Court.
Holland was also sentenced to 120 hours of unpaid work, banned from keeping animals for life and ordered to pay CZK 12,000 towards court costs.
Leader of the Small Monkeys team who rehabilitated the abused animal, Steph Sawyer, said, "Milly is fine, but the rehabilitation will continue."
It took Milly a long time to get used to people again.
She would crouch and hide from everyone she met and any loud noise or sudden movement would cause her to scream.
The chick had been refusing to eat for a long time.
And now that she's settled and content with a mate, the sight of a new human can still trigger panic.
The psychological scars from the abuse will be with her forever, Sawyer adds.
The abuse of Milly came to light after police in Gwent discovered shocking footage on her phone after raiding her flat on suspicion of drug dealing.
On the tapes, you can hear Milly using the f word.
On the next video, there's audio of Holland offering the monkey some cocaine and saying, "You want some cocaine?
Then lick my fingers.
In May, along with her partner Russell Cox, 43, she admitted possessing cocaine with intent to supply.
Coke worth £1,600 was found hidden in a box of Kinder Eggs at her home.
Cox was subsequently jailed for 30 months and Holland was given a 20-month suspended sentence.
And what amazing concepts will you learn three times in a row when you valiantly skip over the entire 20th century?
Like you're gonna wear the same things in eighth grade that you wore in sixth grade?
And all of this is killing the idea of fucking around, where nobody, except for the exceptions, doesn't care if you can or don't understand.
Let's just get a score of 1 and then no one will care.
Go out and randomly ask people on the street if they can handle the character roots of a quadratic equation and the coefficients.
Everybody's been through it, and an absolute majority won't bat an eyelid and tell you they're fucked.
Then what the hell are they learning?
I'm a big fan of the comprehensive view and the fact of the matter is that people won't and don't.
And in that moment, it's useless and you'll never get it into them anyway.
Partly they're learning for the many people who will need whatever it is.
ut, like, the note saying that you don't really need all this stuff at the machine, I took that really seriously... because you don't.
Besides, we are slowly getting to the point where not knowing is a sign of being punked.
However, the price for letting barbarians operate our machines is simply too high.
Maybe if journalists knew how to do math, Covid would've never gotten this big.
At first sight wedding: Kadri and Andrey's war continues!
Which is the main reason why Switzerland can't leave now, " Andrea answered on Instagram in Stories to the eternal questions of curious fans who wonder what disappointed her so much in Kadrim that she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social networks.
Mezi Kadrim and Andreou were doomed from the start of the experiment.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea would move in with him, at least until he moved back to the Czech Republic permanently.
She said no decisively.
And as we can see, their relationship did not end with love, but rather with mutual contempt and hatred.
It was an attack planned by you! Kadri became enraged in response to an accusation of lies, gambling and debt by Andrea.
Kadri's alleged honesty wasn't sitting well with her ex-husband or his younger sister, Linda.
She has chosen to publicly stand by her brother.
I don't normally talk about this kind of stuff, and we were never really open about this kind of stuff in my family.
I certainly don't want to invoke any pity.
But when I see someone trying to publicly hurt and tarnish the name of someone I love so much, it just won't do!
I'm sorry it has to be this way, but I wanted to publicly thank my brother Kadrime for making himself into a character and helping our family when we needed it most, despite how young he was.
It is all the worse when I have to read such untruthful information, which is probably taken completely out of context.
How much I would like everyone to know Kadri, as I do, our loved ones and family, stand in solidarity in response to Andrey's words.
I'm really grateful for everything!
Of course people will believe what it says, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love him more than anything and we know the reality and we know how it really was.
A drunken burglar climbs the exterior of a building to the fifth floor.
You'll never believe why.
Cchao's crime spree started in a residential neighborhood parking lot where he tried to break into several cars.
According to the information available, he eventually stripped one vehicle of the equivalent of less than CZK 330.
Then he couldn't think of anything better to do than climb to the fifth floor and enter the apartment through an open window.
He stole two bananas.
CCTV footage then captured him walking away down the street away from the scene, eating a banana.
When the flat owner woke up in the morning, he noticed that the bananas were not where he had left them and called the police.
Chaa grabbed us next.
The man admitted that he had consumed some alcohol on the day in question.
And since he needed money, in his cups, he decided to rob the till.
The whole thing is under investigation.
This drunkard climbed up the fa? ade to the 5th floor and stole two bananas.
The pandemic law is limited in time and its effectiveness is contingent on a pandemic emergency being declared.
If it is repealed, the law will become ineffective.
The law may limit the range of business activities
Isn't that reason enough for you?
The right to assemble will be restricted but not abolished.
More than 60 per cent of eligible voters turned out for Saturday's municipal elections in four communities
New representatives of the people were elected on Saturday in the municipalities of Komňa u Uherského Hradiště, Lužec nad Mostem, Nová Ves u Liberce and Rovná u Pelhřimova.
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the legal minimum or the elected councils were dissolved.
A total of 99 candidates contested the 28 seats on Saturday.
The average age of the newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69, the youngest 33.
Processing the results of the weekend elections brings to a close, for us, a relatively difficult but successful year.
A total of four new or repeat elections to municipal councils have taken place, as well as the very watched elections to the Chamber of Deputies, "said Eva Krumpová, Vice-President of the CEC.
She recalled that the Covid-19 pandemic had made elections more challenging in terms of logistics and staffing.
In Košice-Uherske Hradište, the Citizens' Association of Independent Candidates won Saturday's election, gaining 27.76 percent of the vote and two mandates in the seven-seat city council.
Candidate STAN received 24.84 percent of the votes, which also means a gain of two mandates.
Citizens for Communication also won two seats on the assembly, with 18.52 percent of the vote.
Both were re-elected to the assembly, as was incumbent mayor and Freedom Party member Jana Krizkova.
The Commune won one seat on the council - an independent candidate.
Turnout was 75.48%.
In Rovná, the Pro Rovná association won.
It got 50.5 percent of the votes, which translates into four out of seven mandates.
Two more representatives of the Association of Independent Candidates No 1 and one representative of the Association independent candidates No 2 were also elected to the municipal council.
Turnout was 93.62 percent.
Incumbent mayor Jindřich John led the Lužice and Svinčice Union to victory in repeated elections in the Bohemian Forest town.
It received 56.73% of the votes and, as in 2018, has four seats on the seven-member council.
The second best result went to the Common People party, which got 43.27 percent of the vote, and will have three representatives in the council.
Turnout was 76.7%
Independent candidates from "Hope for New Village" before "Yes" movement won the elections in New Village, Liberec.
The coalition of independent candidates won 59.88 per cent of the vote and four of the seven seats on the municipal council.
Yes got 40.12 percent of the votes and against the regular elections in 2018 strengthened, got an extra mandate and has three.
Voter turnout was 42.9 percent.
On Monday, the State Electoral Commission announces the election results.
Thereafter they shall be published in the Official Journal.
What do you think the bigger problem is?
Dead civilian or foreign policy?
I mean, I think you know all of this stuff that people write you.
You just pretend to be stupid so you have someone to "argue" with.
If not, that's sad.
I'm not saying that Christians are degenerates, or anything like that.
I even like a lot of church architecture from an aesthetic point of view (which after all was the goal, to look good).
And I don't really care what people believe in.
On the other hand, I do mind how much power the Church had in the Middle Ages, how much money they accumulated, suppression of science, etc.
Not to mention all the wars it caused, like the Thirty Years' War.
TL; DR: Believe in spaghetti monsters all you like, but the state and the Church have nothing to do with each other
The man fell twelve meters and hit his head.
Concrete-head survived the crash.
An incredible fall survived by a man in Ostrava on Sunday night, who was attended by paramedics from the Regional Health Emergency Service.
Staff at the regional operations center took a distress call an hour after midnight Saturday with the initial report of a man falling from the sky.
Two M.E.S. teams, medical and rescue, were on the scene within minutes.
On arrival at the scene, medics discovered that the 27-year-old man had fallen from a height of about 12 meters and landed on his head on the concrete!
There's a coal strike in Vítkovice.
But not in the way it was supposed to, and the firemen went in.
On arrival of the emergency services, the man was unconscious, with multiple injuries and in a life-threatening condition.
The attending physician intubated him, provided him with artificial lung ventilation and after further measures in the pre-hospital emergency care, his ambulance transported him to further care at the Ostrava trauma centre. He also informed the spokesperson for the Moravian-Silesian Region's Regional Health Authority, Lukas Humpl.
My greater worry than coronavirus is the inadequate response by the public and authorities
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic is a challenge for politicians and officials, but in the front line of the fight against the infection are primarily doctors and healthcare workers.
How serious is it from their point of view?
We're speaking to military doctor David Ruskin.
Editor: Marek Valek Reasearch: Tomáš Rozek, sounddesign: David Kaiser, music: Martin Hola
After seven years, the legendary Nunes stumbled. Oliveira defended his belt.
What a night of interesting results at the MMA Awards.
Because, let's face it, some crazy shit went down at UFC 266.
The outsider, Julianna Peña, was able to defeat the legendary Amanda Nunes, who had gone seven years without a loss.
Charles Oliveira made quick work of Dustin Poirier, securing a guillotine and defending his belt.
Kai Kara-France also picked up a victory, as he scored a quick TKO over Cody Garbradt in the first round.
Also defeating his opponent, Sean O'malley.
A surprise no one was expecting.
The co-main event of the evening was a women's bantamweight bout between former champion Amanda Nunes and Julianna Peña.
The American entered the joust as the cerebral "dwarf," having not lost in seven years and polishing her teeth for another triumph.
Moreover, the beginning of the recession was not in the spirit of the paper assumptions.
Nunes started the path to victory very aggressively and even landed a push kick that sent her opponent to the floor.
Penna was not, however, to be deterred from committing any further errors and she herself had an unsuccessful attempt at an attack with the racket on the hand.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for the MMA fan.
Both fighters peppered each other with flurries of punches and hard hooks.
The penniless Ms. Nunes was forced to the ground where she was repeatedly kicked.
She must have realized that and decided to change tack.
And that's when the American shocked everyone by becoming the new champion.
The highlight of the night was a battle between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier for the interim lightweight title.
The early rounds went to Poirier, but the tide began to turn.
In the second round, Oliveira tried to be more aggressive and he tried to stun his opponent with punches to the head.
Things didn't look too good for him, but he was able to apply a lot of pressure and get his opponent on his back, raining down punches.
That's how he won round two.
In round three Oliveira displayed a rear naked choke which Poirier initially resisted, but was later forced to tap out.
The Brazilian defended his title, Poirier lost after two years.
In the very next bout, Sean O'malley notched a sovereign triumph, landing a big right hand to the chin of Rauliano Paiva in the very first round.
He went on to batter his opponent, recording his fifteenth victory.
Kara-France then managed to deal with Cody Garbrandt.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another triumph with her little daughter, and now, after seven years, she has lost.
That hip, or that hip?
It seems simple at first.
Most nouns in Czech express only one grammatical gender, so there is no problem determining if it is male, female or neuter.
Then there is a fairly large group of substantive nouns with no fixed gender.
You know, essential names bounce between two houses.
When bent, they take on a double cone shape, and in some cases, they stay that way.
For example, the nouns "hero" and "heroine" are of the male and female genders, respectively, with "hero" being the nominative form and "heroes" the genitive.
For another group of substantives, the different forms are already in the singular number, e.g. 'row/rows','shade/shades' or 'potato/potatoes' (in the sense of a foodstuff).
These two forms are interchangeable and have the same meaning.
Some words may vary regionally, e. g. "carrot" in the Czech Republic and "okurka" in Moravia, but in this case the Moravian variant is non-standard, as well as other Czech-Moravian word pairs: "záhon" and "záhon", "kobliha" and "koblih" etc.
Some words borrowed from other languages into Czech were originally non-inflected, but they are gradually assimilating Czech endings.
A typical example is the noun "image," which is of both the masculine and the feminine gender, or the word "sideboard," which has remained in the singular in German, but takes the ending "en" in the masculine.
Turkey has opened the floodgates for migrants into Europe.
What is the situation at the Greek border?
On the Greek-Turkish border there is tension because of the increasing number of migrants who are trying to reach Europe.
Thousands of people started to cross the southern border of the Schengen area after Ankara stopped preventing them.
European politicians are promising Greece support. Humanitarian aid is also being prepared by the Czech Government.
What drives refugees to make such a perilous journey?
And what's the situation on the ground?
We haven't seen blue sky for three months and we're sick of it.
The intense fires that have been raging across Australia for nearly a month have killed almost three dozen people, hundreds of millions of animals, and have destroyed millions of hectares of land.
How are the authorities and the population coping with the disaster?
Could Prime Minister Morrison's government have done more to prevent the dire impacts, as critics claim?
And what will countries need to prepare for as the climate changes in the future?
Lenka Kabrhelova speaking to Sydney-based journalist Ika Detrich.
False accusations have always been and still are quite rare.
That's why you see their faces on everything.
People are uncomfortable dealing with how prevalent sexual violence is in our society and how pervasive it is, so they try to make it go away.
I don't know personally anyone who's ever been wrongfully convicted.
But I know a lot of people who've been raped, and I've seen how often their environment, or the police, treat them.
Victims should always be believed.
The trend now is for victims to finally open up about their traumas.
He's still pretty secretive about it, though.
Yes, there are some who falsely accuse.
It's disgusting and an insult to every victim of sexual assault, but by spreading the idea that "a large part of the accusations are false" and that it's a "trend" you're only helping sexual assailants.
Hundreds of homes across the Czech Republic lie in ruins, with families unable to afford to finish the work.
Construction material prices have risen by over 30% in the last weeks and months.
This has put a lot of people in a very difficult position.
He can't afford to finish his houses, and the banks won't give him more mortgages.
In addition to the cost of materials, the cost of construction work is also rising.
Families cannot afford to finish building their houses.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgages, which creates extremely unpleasant situations.
At best, people move into houses that are unfinished and uncertified.
In the worst case scenario, newly built houses become uninhabitable and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to service mortgages as well as pay rent, "says BHS economist Štepan Křeček.
We're building two to three family houses a year and we're at 50 percent.
The difficulty for us as contractors is that we have to abide by certain things in the contracts, even though the materials have gone up in price.
So we are working for nothing," said construction company owner Zdenek Slivon.
A lot of people are gonna be having financial troubles.
If they were expecting a $5 million house, now it's going to be $7 million.
I think some will wait and see," added Slivon.
The most expensive materials stolen were copper, iron and plumbing and heating equipment.
But construction firms are also struggling with a lack of labour.
Czech Republic is short of graduates in medical professions and inflow of foreign workers is hindered by pandemic.
The only thing that is positive at the moment is the situation regarding building permits.
In October, building authorities issued 7,675 building permits, which is almost 10 percent more than a year ago, "Kreček said.
We're doing great, and we're only gonna get better.
Authentic Vision Lacking, Says CRO Commentator
In addition to classical celebrations, politicians' speeches have become a tradition on New Year's Eve.
This year, apart from Prime Minister and ANO Chairman Andrej Babiš and Christmas message by President Miloš Zeman, the New Year's greetings were also pronounced by the Chairman of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Deputies.
What's the big news?
For me, the diploma comes at just the right time, I have my own theme that I have chosen, I am following on from my BA, I always work for a whole year and then write the thesis in a week or two.
Now, the States are pretty quiet about us, unless you're a total makak and something's stuck in your noggin, then the board won't bury you in theories.
I mean, I studied for a week for my S.A.T.'s, and when I was stumped, the board would always try to guide me to some sort of logical derivation, and boom, I'd get it right.
Otherwise to these projects, I know people who pay someone to do their semester project (we did it a lot, really beneficial, learned a lot) and then they just learn the project and have it done.
I think it's great when there's an exam at the end of a subject where you have to apply the knowledge you've gained, not just defend it.
All right, but do not flood me with e-mails and phone calls, and do not send any packages to the embassy.
You'll be the same shithead as them.
Those people at the embassy may have nothing to do with it.
And if they are against Russia, they are taking a big risk, so maybe they have to play along, because otherwise something might happen to them.
But feel free to put up a statue of Putin next to your teddy bear statue of Pú.
Maybe give it so that it scratches Xi Jinping's back or something.
I agree, even though Insta does screw artists over.
If you post stories every day and a new picture at least every other day, your reach will be reduced to a minimum.
Plus they're always changing what features are more important, like the laugh track, or commentary, or storage.
I've been so fucking pissed off lately, that maybe I'm gonna have to downsize, where a lot of artists in my business have had success and almost let it go.
Finally, I might even welcome something a bit more user-friendly that doesn't squeeze all the creativity and energy out of artists.
Declaration by the parties working on the Donbass
The alliance - yes, the break-up - no, they express their opinion on the break-up of the Soviet Union.
Thirty years since the illegal dissolution of the Soviet Union.
On December 8th, 1991, the most catastrophic geopolitical event in human history occurred.
In the Belovezhskaya Pushcha on December 8, 1991 - Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal authority and in violation of the results of the March 17 referendum, with an openly conciliatory attitude towards Mikhail Gorbachev, signed in secret, regardless of the people, an agreement that "the USSR as a subject of international law and a geopolitical reality ceases to exist."
In one stroke of the pen, they "disappeared" a vast country of almost three hundred million people.
The break-up of the Soviet Union meant that tens of millions of ethnic Russian citizens found themselves living in foreign countries.
Since the early 1990s, Russia has lost 10-11 million people.
And despite the loss of population in the former Soviet republics, we have lost more people already than in both world wars put together!
Even earlier, the same people who in one session in Belovezhskaya Pushcha destroyed what had been built up over seventy years, betrayed the socialist camp (created at the price of millions of lives in the Second World War and the Great Patriotic War).
They consciously de-industrialized, they crippled agriculture, they seceded fourteen republics that had previously been economically united into a single mechanism.
If we look deeper, we see the depopulation, the collapse of the economy, science, the military, the rise of crime, inter-ethnic conflict, the war in Chechnya, all the conflicts in the post-Soviet space, the series of orange revolutions, NATO's eastward expansion, the war and the breakup of Yugoslavia, the Arab Spring, the war in Syria - all are the result of geopolitical capitulation, abandoning first the socialist camp, and then the Soviet Union.
In political science, it's called "the vacuum of force."
Everything that was rushed into and given up in a hurry was quickly filled and conquered by the NATO countries that had accepted our geopolitical capitulation.
And the world is still reeling mainly because of what happened in the late 1980s and throughout the 1990s.
In a high-turnover supermarket, the price of a product may bear little relation to its quality and freshness.
It's Monday and there's some meat on special in the supermarket for 189 crowns a kilo.
I'll buy it and put it in the fridge and make it her Thursday night dinner.
In an alternative reality in which I don't buy meat on Monday, the supermarket has a special offer on Tuesday - 99 CZK per kilogram. Can you explain to me the mechanism by which this meat, by virtue of its price, becomes a burden on my digestive system?
Or should I wait until Thursday and the meat will be discounted to CZK 69 / kg - what would this meat differ from what I bought on Monday for CZK 120 and left it for 3 days in my fridge?
I'll answer for myself - Nothing.
This bullshit that if something is cheap, it must be bad, rotten or of poor quality is terribly backward, to put it mildly.
Now recently I went to Brno to Hlavas and in the underpass the lady was handing out some brochure, I always take such things to help the brigadiers, throw it away they can't...
Well, the brochure was full of horse sense and conservative views of how the world worked, but nothing about God, I was confused, but I had a hunch it was some kind of agitprop.
After some research I found out who published it and in the end it was Scientology.
Well, it was good shit, full of really useless lessons, like I should get married and stop smoking.
Waste of paper, this could have been avoided.
Something similar happened with my ex-girlfriend.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will make you comply with that person because you love them, without realizing how much that situation sucks.
She threatened to hurt me several times for going out with a friend she didn't like.
Or how about the time I tried to leave her apartment early and she broke down into tears and begged me on her knees not to leave.
Then she started physically blocking the door.
We had a pretty good year, but then the next six months, she started getting these headaches.
Then I ended the relationship by telling her that I was going to break up with her and then I pressured her but I told her that I could talk about it next week to calm her down and to keep her from going into some sort of amok.
A person like this will suck the feelings, the emotions and the overall joy out of you.
Better stand back
While the insurance companies go crazy buying up cloud tests and chasing up positives who'd never even have known about the awful disease but for the test.
All we are achieving is complications for businesses, hauliers and so on because their employees have been allocated five days' house arrest by a generator of random numbers.
In the West, they've stopped messing around and admit that it's not worth treating illnesses less famous than the flu.
Unfortunately, War is new and still has to steal something to fuel his ego by making up bullshit buttons.
Looks like we're in for another helping of the old familiar shit.
After a few years of hibernation and suppression of this dirty business, MLM recruiting is back on the offensive.
I was one of the recruits, tried it (I was 20, freshman in college), the initial promises of training products and business skills quickly translated into "doesn't matter, just get people."
Honestly, I didn't care about the products I was selling because I wanted to help people, but the training was more about scaring and hustling people.
When that first windfall came in, you quickly realized that if you wanted to make money, you had to move a few certain products a month.
Whole life insurance and mortgages were the only commodities, so you felt like a door-to-door salesman.
But what can I say, the experience was valuable, one learns not to jump on every piece of gossip and check information thoroughly.
I wouldn't put them all in one basket if I were you.
People in this business are successful and even beneficial to others, but they certainly will not boast of expensive consumer goods or a "fat" account.
At the corporation where I work, I've never seen so many of these.
HR's happy, the managers are managing, and they're not micromanaging us.
Regular evaluation is a thing, then, in the form it takes with us (set yourself some goals for the coming year, then look back at the end of the year and see how you did) - it's more of a self-evaluation than someone evaluating you based on numbers and such.
Company actions also optional.
But even within our firm we're sort of unique - other departments are much more corporate.
Sometimes you feel like you're this barely-funded startup squatting in the offices of a big corporation.
But it really doesn't bother us that much until after the results come out.
A Czech girl missing in Britain is dead.
Her body was found in London.
For almost ten days, British police had been fruitlessly searching for a missing 32-year-old Czech woman who had disappeared at the end of November.
On Sunday, December 12, 2010, Minister of Foreign Affairs in the caretaker government Jakub Kulha announced on social networks that the woman from Uherskohradska was found dead.
This afternoon, the British police sadly confirmed to our embassy in London that they have found the body of the missing Czech citizen.
Cause of death is under investigation.
Given the family, we won't be releasing any more information on the case.
My sincere condolences, Kohlhaas tweeted.
The young woman was last seen November 28th, riding a bus home from work, on her way to pick up money from an ATM.
Her co-workers reported her missing five days later.
London police launched a massive search. Interpol put her on the missing persons list worldwide.
It also appeared in the Czech Republic's missing persons database.
In that context, the police have already arrested a man a few days ago.
His role in the case and what he suspects her of, but hasn't published.
In four municipalities new councils were elected at the end of the year
On Saturday 11 December, new municipal councils were elected in Komňa u Uherského Hradiště, Lužec nad Mostem, Nová Ves u Liberce and Rovná u Pelhřimova.
The number of councillors in these municipalities fell below the legal minimum or the elected councils were dissolved.
In the new elections, 99 valid candidates stood for the 28 seats.
The turnout was 62.41%.
The highest turnout was recorded in the municipality of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters turned out.
The mandate consisted of 8 women and 20 men.
The average age of the elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69, the youngest 33.
A total of 13 lists of candidates have been registered for the new council elections in these four municipalities.
Of the 28 seats, 36 women and 63 men stood as candidates.
The average age of the candidates was 46.6 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, the oldest 72.
Processing the results of the weekend elections brings to a close, for us, a relatively difficult but successful year.
Four new or repeat elections for municipal councils took place, as well as the very closely watched Parliament election.
At the same time, we had to work mostly in more demanding epidemiological conditions, which put higher demands on both equipment and staffing, "Eva Krumpová, First Deputy Chairman of the Czech Statistical Office, assessed.
The last voting district was counted on Sunday, December 12 at 3:49 a.m.
On Monday, the results of the voting are processed by the State Election Commission and, after approval, are published in the Official Gazette.
This is the biggest problem I have with the whole pandemic.
Adjusting to having a pretty dangerous communicable disease right off the bat took a little getting used to at first but things have been going pretty smoothly.
Dealing with the idiocy of a large proportion of the population at all levels has been my problem hitherto.
I am most looking forward to the vaccine (tomorrow!) because it will finally lessen my dependence on other people not sucking.
He would be removed from office and disqualified from holding it again.
The chances of that actually happening, however, are pretty much zero, as everyone else has mentioned.
Besides, I'm not sure filing a report should even be considered treason.
Treason is any act which endangers the sovereignty, territorial integrity, or democratic character of the Republic.
It must have been something more serious.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: Rise in number of people under 35 who are having no sex at all for a year
More and more young adults in the US are living sex-free lives.
They are mainly people with strong religious beliefs, 'the Daily Mail website reports.
A survey showed that from 2008 to 2021, the proportion of people under 35 who give up sexual life rose from 8 to 21 percent.
Women between the ages of 18 and 35 who reported no sex in the last year is up by double digits.
Other factors also contribute to the decline in the number of sexually active individuals, according to a survey by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
One could be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and higher unemployment rate.
But it could also be the presence of media, social networks, or video games that make sex less and less of a priority for young people.
Since 2010, there has been a sharp rise in the proportion of men and women aged 18-35 who say they did not have sex in the previous year, said IFS researcher Lyman Stone.
Married people have more frequent sexual activity, by 2021, only 5% said they had not had sex in the last year.
Stone added that marriage under 35 is a small percentage.
Fear of premarital sex, and religious affiliation also contribute to a decrease in sexual activity.
Though husbands are more likely to be sexually active, the percentage of married and engaged men under 35 is still dropping.
Young people's attitudes towards premarital sex are divided, with about 30% regarding it as wrong, while about 70% think it is okay.
Stone says of those 30 percent.
For most people who have a moral problem with premarital sex, the reason is religious upbringing.
Since 2008, among unmarried people under 35 who attend religious meetings more than once a month, the rate of abstinence has increased from 20% to almost 60%.
Among "less believers" the trend rose from 10 to 20 percent," Stone said.
Other factors contributing to the decline in sexual activity include less social interaction and, especially during the pandemic, less social drinking of alcohol.
The study also showed that unemployed or lower-income people are less likely to be sexually active.
Another may be the proliferation of digital media, which may be reducing the need for sex.
People are spending more and more time online, meeting this need "virtually."
This trend really took hold during the lockdowns of the coronavirus pandemic.
All of the controversy over mandating the HPV vaccine is about whether society should force a subset of the population to do something they don't want to do but might save their life.
This is a relatively difficult issue, and one to which I personally am most attached, that of the social conscience.
I.e., the question is, if we don't order them and they die, it'll be on us.
My argument is that we could certainly mourn the death of an 80-year-old person who actually didn't know much, we didn't do a good job of explaining things to him, he heard some misinformation, and as a result he didn't get vaccinated and he ended up catching the disease and dying.
On the other hand, I do not think that we can mourn the death of a die-hard opponent of vaccination, who sided with the SPD and the KSC, and spouted something about shackling and a totalitarian state.
It is quite clear from the statistics that I quoted that the great majority of unvaccinated pensioners will belong to the second group, so that they really will be able to fend for themselves.
Czech without the snow.
How does a mild winter spell bad news for the drought?
This winter has so far brought one of the smallest snowfalls to the Czech Republic in recent years.
Ski resorts can't do without artificial snow, and the weather also complicates preparations for the cross-country Jizerska Padesatka.
Is this the trend, or is it the exception?
And what will too little snow mean for the battle against drought in the Czech Republic?
I do have one story, but it's not about a sandwich maker.
In high school, our teacher led us on a field trip across town to the marina so we could take a boat ride down the river.
On the way there we walked down a pretty wide avenue and in the middle of it we can see devotees of the Hare Krishna sect.
Of course, they fell on us.
Luckily I managed to escape but one of my friends got talking to him.
When she left us, me and the teacher asked her what she said to them.
They asked me if I wanted to save my soul.
I tell them I have no soul," she replied.
All of us, including the teacher, laughed all the way to the pier.
We are so spoiled.
Not much, but system is crashing, Orozovic tells him
The new German chancellor, Olaf Sholz, after visiting Paris and Brussels, flew to Warsaw on Sunday, where he was met by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawieki with military honors.
We are opening a new chapter in our relations, Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the meeting.
Scholz underlined that Europe must make it clear that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
The crisis, triggered by disturbing movements of Russian troops on the Ukrainian border, must be addressed through diplomatic negotiations, including within the "Normandy" group, according to the Chancellor.
Morawiecki said he briefed the chancellor on the situation on Poland's border with Belarus, whose leader, Alexander Lukashenko, has artificially created a migration crisis and is using people as human shields and weapons, because night after night we are recording hundreds of attempts at (illegal) border crossings.
The chancellor and I discussed further sanctions to make it clear to the Lukashenko regime and its patrons in the Kremlin that we are determined to defend the EU's eastern border.
Scholz, according to the DPA news agency, assured that Warsaw enjoys German support in its dispute with Belarus and condemned the inhumane treatment of Lukashenko's regime towards refugees.
Drunken Polish nun causes accident, tries to cover it up
The car returned to the scene of the accident after a while, but it was driven by another nun who tried to take the blame on herself.
When officers told her she could still be fined for not yielding and leaving the scene of an accident, she came forward with the truth, appearing on TVN24.
She admitted that she crashed into that car because another nun asked her for help.
The police came for Sister Celestine.
She took a breathalyzer and blew over the limit, so they confiscated her license on the spot.
She was also informed that she would be held accountable for her actions in a court of law.
Poor Hugo dog is doing his best.
But Juraj Sajmovič didn't direct the film.
Third-rate family-comedy writers looked to American dog-show stories for inspiration.
But in so doing, they forgot the most important thing of all, the laws of filmmaking.
After the phenomenal success of Forrest Gump - the dog who taught people to live, another film is now vying for viewer emotions in cinemas Here We Are Watching You.
Co-writer and director Juraj Šajmovský builds on his 2012 film Tady Hlídám Já.
The talking turtle Hugo returns to the stage, along with some familiar characters.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a shabby chic B&B that's going under, so they start calling dog walkers, Julie's dad and his partner, and especially her daughter Veronica.
She is no longer a little girl, but a growing girl experiencing her first love.
The director and his partner Beatriz Sevilla (who is also the producer of the film) were struggling with the storyline already in their previous film, although at least the kids and the dog had fun.
This time, the creative duo came up with an even weaker scenario, which evokes a mixture of awe and embarrassment.
Let's just recap.
Julie, a scientist, succumbs to childbirth delusions, and when the right "constellation" arrives, she copulates with her lascivious engineer, Ivan, wherever the coordinates determine - on a car hood or a church steeple (during an ongoing tour with a local guide), veteran colonel Mojmir shoots his own daughter (Julia), who falls into a coma, and the family takes her to the hospital, so that the miracle of healing by dogs can take place in the heart of Bohemian solitude.
Nothing against natural remedies and the power of animal affection.
The owners know why they have them.
The viewer wonders what content pelmel full of incredible situations and characters were needed for this message.
A pair of embezzling clerks, a sausage-eating contest, a shameless charlatan, cops arriving to search for "drugs" and debating the herbal strength of bone marrow - and, of course, getting roaring drunk at the guest house.
When a heroine, after a hard coma, wakes up and sits slumped and painted with a cigarette at the family table, demanding her father's whiskey and chips like a cured vegetarian, one can only laugh.
The creator also explains to the viewer that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Šajmovičova's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of working with text, ability to build up the situations, sense for the characters as well as for the point and the direction.
The acting is uneven, the direction is hopeless and the whole thing looks cheap.
Whatever Lukas Vaculik, Jitka Jezkova, or Nela Boudova try to do with their parties, they don't have much to work with.
The only remaining fragments of the film are poetic shots of the Šumava countryside by cameraman Vladimír Holomek and a pair of deer.
It is not enough to draw a few characters, a fragmentary plot, and some dog phrases, not to mention the most popular vulgar expressions used by the characters.
Nor is it membership, as in the case of the producer, of a club of pig farmers dating back years.
With good intentions to promote nature and man's friendship with dogs, there must also be knowledge of the craft if you want to tell a credible story.
This was one of those cases.
A little too much erotica and not enough citation for the genre.
Even as an infomercial for canister vacuums, this little amateur production wouldn't make the cut.
Yes, respect, because they have to listen to constant abuse from dickheads like you.
There's a difference between offering and forcing. Here's where you show your fucking ignorance. But that's only because you never tried it.
The decision is always with the client, If he does not want an answer, then there is no answer.
If you listened to Kidy more, maybe you'd change your mind.
It's a job like any other, in this case a shift worker.
An unusually dry month has been troubling the Middle East.
And it's the only time of the year it rains.
The almost complete absence of rainfall during November, which was recorded at some stations, is unusual, "the Israeli Meteorological Service confirmed.
For instance, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of its average November precipitation.
Two-day rain this week was therefore the exception.
It's good for us.
It hasn't rained for a long time.
It's also the right Christmas spirit," rejoiced Nazareth resident Wasim Ashkar.
In Israel, rains come almost exclusively in the winter months, are sporadic and unpredictable.
The winter rains depend on the forest.
Without them, they dry out and become fire-prone.
Not only forests, but also drinking water supplies and irrigation for farmers are at risk.
Israel's largest freshwater source, the Sea of Galilee, was filled to the brim this spring thanks to three consecutive rainy winters.
Level's been falling ever since.
The Water Priestesses have warned of the drought for many moons.
In 2018, the spokesperson for Israel's Water Authority, Uri Schor, expected that "as a result of global warming and climate change, there may be a decrease in precipitation."
Israel is good at technologies like desalination and wastewater recycling.
Economically weak countries like Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan are worse off.
In the streets of Jordan's capital, Amman, more tankers are appearing.
The water mains and private wells are running dry.
My orders are up 70-80% this year compared to two years ago, tanker driver Imad Suleiman said in September.
Clashes erupted between farmers and security forces in Isfahan, Iran.
The reason for the protests was the drought.
The bed of the river was dry.
The region has had its driest November in many years.
Israel prepares military strike against Iran
Israel's defense minister declared the Vienna talks "a non-starter" and reportedly informed Washington of plans to attack Iran's nuclear facilities.
Defense Minister Benny Gantz declared on Saturday that he has ordered the Israeli army to prepare for a possible military strike against Iran, Jonathan Lis reports.
Gantz, based in the US, has tried to persuade the Americans to ratchet up the pressure on Iran, but has also informed Washington about the military preparations.
At a press conference in Florida, Gantz said the Vienna nuclear talks had not brought about "any progress" and the world powers "understand the Iranians are playing them."
I had this same thing happen about three years ago.
I kind of teased the lady a little and grilled her during conversation to find out what she really wants from me.
I discovered that my suspicions about the pyramid were correct.
Now, I don't like being fucked around with, so I gave the lady a few more minutes of hard questions and doubts, and finally thanked her and left.
Call me a schmuck, but a pyramid's a pyramid and financial advisers are financial advisers.
Weekend skiers headed for the mountains, finding plenty of snow and great weather.
The ski resorts in the Czech Republic experienced their first big influx of skiers and snowboarders this weekend.
After a dump of snow at the end of the working week there is no shortage of the white stuff and some of the ski resorts have jumped into operation.
Nor were skiers deterred by the need to produce a Covid certificate to access lifts.
While doctors complain about the inconvenience to patients, some ski rental businesses report weaker demand for their services compared to before the epidemic.
Thousands of people flocked to cross-country skiing trails and downhill runs in the Liberec region over the weekend.
The skiers were blessed by the weather, which offered sunshine and excellent snow conditions.
We are satisfied, the opening weekend really worked out since the Friday evening skiing when we had the first skiers on the hill, praised the manager of the Ještěd Ski Resort Jakub Hanus.
Hundreds of people also chose Jeseníky for their first weekend of skiing this season.
For instance, the Ski Arena in Karlov or the centre in Branná near Šumperk were opened.
The weekend attendance was very good, about 400 people came on Saturday and Sunday.
Conditions are favorable.
Today it was sunny, around minus three degrees, so perfect, no praise too high for the representative of the ski resort in Branna, Rostislav Prochazka.
Resort operators can only sell ski passes to people who have been vaccinated or who have recovered from a Covid-19 infection.
With some exceptions, people are ready for that and show the necessary documents, CTK's René Hroneš from the center in Spindleruv Mlyn said.
We've recorded only incident units, he added.
There is less interest than before the pandemic in some ski rental shops and sales.
Luckily there's an interest in skiing.
It's not like in previous years, but there are still customers, "said Alexander Bokisova from the store Skiopava in Opava.
Higher demand is expected during the periods of ski courses.
The director of the Hradec Králové-based Snowbear company, David Šinták, feels that due to the virus, people are no longer as interested in renting ski equipment.
Back before the pandemic, we were already nearly decimated.
Compared to the pre-pandemic period, we are around 50 percent, CTK Shintak said.
He says people have gotten used to the pandemic and learned to stay home.
By contrast, there is strong demand at the Novako centre at God's Gift.
The ski-sharing programme began a week ago, and those interested must reserve the equipment in advance.
We start renting the chalets this weekend, but people have been calling us in advance, so we expect a great interest, just like last year, "said the facility's manager, Pavlina Novakova.
An interest comparable to the pre-epidemic period is according to her also a ski school.
If we want successful and wealthy people to stay, they must have the opportunity to live a good life here as they can abroad.
Certainly not included is socialist health care, where you often can't get a dentist or a specialist doctor.
The country is losing its best and brightest who have no property here.
The boss of a company with foreign operations is not just going to leave.
But I completely agree with the rest.
If these people don't thrive in the Czech Republic and if these people do not see a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, then they simply won't live here.
Hungarian emigration started with Orbán winning, ruling for a year, and all of a sudden, annual emigration went up by a couple of tens of thousands.
It is naive to think that the Czech Republic cannot find itself in a similar position overnight.
Another question is whether there is a choice.
If stupidity becomes a factor here, then a traditional Central European madman could win.
The young and educated will leave, leaving behind his base of support and the people whose assets can't fit in a plane.
Awful photo!
Langmajer in blood, over a beer bet?
While autumn was in full swing in the Czech Republic, the crew of the film Island led by director Jiří Langmajer (55) enjoyed tropical weather in Thailand!
On social media, the actor published a bloody close-up of his face.
Is this a real injury or is this make-believe injury for film?
London police are still searching for the missing Czech.
She was last seen walking home.
Petra's disappearance is completely out of character and we're becoming increasingly concerned for her welfare.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried and just wants to know where she is, "she continued.
Missing Czech, according to her, left work Sunday, November 28, about 7:45 p.m., heading home to the Camberwell neighborhood.
She was last seen getting on a bus about a half hour later.
A colleague reported her missing on December 3.
She was reported by British media to have been a "nursing assistant" at the Evelina Children's Hospital, part of the Guy's and St. Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
We are extremely worried about our dear colleague Petra, who is missing, said the group of medical facilities in a Twitter post.
We would encourage anyone who may have any information that could assist in locating her to contact the police, "the statement continued.
The public is also inviting cooperation by Harriet Harmanova MP, who on Saturday at a press conference drew attention to the Deer case.
She's been missing for days, she's only 32, she's from the Czech Republic, her parents are understandably frantic, "said the Labour politician, holding a photograph of the woman distributed by London police.
I feel we all have a very special responsibility to try and find her, because she was away from her home country, away from her family, and she was working here for our health service,
Metropolitan Police have previously arrested and continue to hold one man in connection with the investigation.
But according to the BBC, the police have not released any information regarding the man's identity or what he is suspected of.
Russia is incapable of occupying the Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 brigades (ca 5 divisions).
Neither am I underestimating Ukraine in this way.
That's not a "large force," that's about 8% of the Russian army.
You'll notice that Ukraine keeps on saying that we're exaggerating the invasion threat and they're beginning to like our going in.
I quoted up.
I don't know what makes you think Russia wants war.
The war is damn expensive and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
The comparison with the situation in 38 is invalid in so many points that I hardly know where to begin.
This is already comparable to the First Punic War and the annexation of Sicily:D
I can just imagine that after Ukraine has announced that it does not intend to abide by the Minsk agreements, Russia will annex these ridiculous republics.
That is all, and that is what the "concentration" on the borders would correspond to.
Well, contracts are binding...
From Sunday, new timetables will apply in Prague, mainly affecting commuter routes
Passengers using Prague's integrated transport (PID) system will see a number of changes from Sunday, mainly concerning direct connections.
New lines were created, some lines changed their route, and others disappeared.
The integrated system has a new member - Mladá Boleslav.
In the capital city, from Sunday, will stop the express from České Budějovice at the station Garden City.
On the suburban rail network, S7 trains stop at Prague main station on the route from Beroun to Český Brod.
The recently opened station Prague - Zahradní Mesto will become a new stop for the R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov.
The PID will extend into new areas.
Among other things, there will be buses running to Švamberk, Blatná near Jesenice, Staré Splavy and Turnov.
Buses will run across Mladá Boleslav, including routes extending into the Liberec and Hradec Králové regions.
In the course of the integration 77 lines will be discontinued, 37 new lines introduced and the operation of 12 existing lines changed.
A new bus line 405 will run from Prague's Žižkov to Chotěboř.
There is also a new direct connection from Prague to Kralovice near Rakovník, which replaced the cancelled S53 train line.
There will be strengthened in the morning peak and at the weekend from Prague to Rakovník, where will be the new express line number 404.
New are lines 400 and 410 going to the Liberec region.
They're exiting Strizkov subway station, not Holešovice railway station.
Stringer 400 goes through Melín, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and on to Rumburk or Cvikov.
Additional line 410 runs through Mělník, Dubá to Doks, Mimoň and Jablonec nad Nisou.
On the other hand, new operation on ten local routes in the central Bohemia has been cancelled or reduced, including to Mochov, Dobříš and Rožmitál pod Třemšínem.
All trains departing from Prague at 2:30 are cancelled.
Due to the railway modernisation long-term restrictions continue on the routes Prague - Beroun, Prague - Litoměřice and around Kolín.
More changes are in store for the traveler as well.
The buses replace some of the cancelled railway lines or extend the section on line 420 from Dobříš with continuation from Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets up to Milevsko.
The routes 540 to 543 in Nymbursko have been changed and some bus routes are being adjusted on the border between central Bohemia and Hořovicko in Plzeňský kraj.
Healthy snack/lunch from supermarket to office
Hi, I work classically 9-5 with a 30min break and my only option to get food is to go next door to Billy or a short walk down to Lidl.
Because I don't move at all, I don't have the energy to train after work, so I have to eat as healthily as possible.
Unfortunately, I never know what to get, and I end up buying a pizza and, like, yogurt and an apple for a snack.
Question, what would you recommend I buy at the supermarket that doesn't need cooking?
Not everyone waits for a meter of snow like you, unfortunately.
And it's not like you have to see the trees.
There may be only the tip of the iceberg under the snow.
If damaged, the tree can be more susceptible to fungal diseases.
I'm not saying that's the only reason we're prohibited from riding off-trail, but it's one of them.
Dara on her relationship with Ned: I didn't enjoy it at all.
The Czech show business pond has been abuzz since Friday with nothing but the revelation of the relationship between Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedveda.
They've been dating since the summer. The famous footballer even divorced his wife for the singer.
Dara has now sent out a lengthy message to fans explaining why she kept her love life a secret from them for so long.
Dara Rolins, who is in love with the most unsuccessful Czech footballer up to his eyeballs, jokes: "I dare say that currently there isn't anyone in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who didn't know that Dara caught a bear, sorry, a moose."
They say he wrapped her, not the other way around.
The three days are in the spotlight, and although they are used to it for the public good, they are not happy about it.
Here we go.
What we've both been dreading but knew would happen at some point continues.
I just don't know who's worse off.
Whether you don't care at all and it shows, or us, whose lives have been picked apart.
Like any of you want to hear from your spouse or significant other whether you're gonna make it or not, or you insisted that everyone really get to know a list of all your exes and be familiar with the laundry list of your faults and mistakes.
That's what you want, isn't it, Dara?
The couple reconnected in Italy, where Rolins went to work on her new fashion line.
Nedvěd continues his long-standing role as Vice President of Juventus Football Club.
They've been sitting on it until Ned's divorce was final.
He had been separated from his wife, Ivana, for three years, but they were only three weeks into their paperless marriage.
Anyway, those of you who are rejoicing with us and sending good wishes, thank you.
We're just men with families, children, pasts, dreams.
We're not perfect, but I think we both have our hearts in the right place.
That's why I love my new man and like him, I stand by him.
Hey, everything that needs to be said has been said by the other commenters, I'm just confirming that the dorms are super fun at first, most of my classmates bonded during their first semester or two and found roommates with each other, which seems like the best option to me, because you know who you'll be living with.
Apartments don't usually get listed very far in advance, so there probably won't be much on the market right now, but it never hurts to look.
Otherwise you will definitely avoid not only Cejl, but also surroundings (streets like Vranovska, Francouzska etc., that's quite bad address), even some parts of Židenice are little bit ghetto.
On the other hand, the Quarter of Veveri is very student, Kralovo Pole and in that direction is that fine, apart from that it is close to most faculties VUT (I do not know where exactly you get on).
Well, I've never been a lodger, but I'm a native of Brno, so I could advise you on Brno as such, if you need any further information.
What a "normal" example of reasoning.
Because of what several doctors somewhere in Poland decide to do, it is actually okay that the state does not finance schools sufficiently.
Either they learn what they want and pay for it themselves, or they fly state and the state pays.
We cannot allow a private player to take over a piece of education just because he adds a few crowns to the full state contribution, and thus gets to teach whatever he wants in the schools.
Such a statement loses some weight when written by someone who two days earlier had this to say about a petition against a totalitarian state:
So, a vote against an abortion is the same for you as a vote against a statue in a square?
If I were you, I'd take it up with the person who gave you the job in the first place.
therwise, I have seen in cataloging/digitization that (even long-time professionals) either miss it, or enter something like xxx *** or... (depending on convention) and note that it is illegible.
The truth is, in this case it's pretty readable, so I wouldn't really recommend it.
Personally, I'd take care of it in a note depending on what application you're using.
If you're gonna be a good, hard-working student, you can look in some sign language databases and find the nearest one.
But since it appears you're drawing from a book, I'm guessing the author or the printer simply created their own logo, which just happens to match what's physically on the coin.
PS: Isn't it rather the kingdom of Odrya than of Odrysia?
PSS: Looks like someone's already spilled the beans.
Ignore that comment about Phil.
The politicians do not even know what the "theme" of our presidency will be.
That is a far worse disadvantage than having interpreters.
The idea that they would approve something because nobody understood the text is laughable.
All relevant approved documents shall be read word for word; some basic knowledge of English is not enough, this is a job for lawyers.
Hundreds of translators and interpreters work in the EU's various institutions, and English is more suited to politicians for informal contact, for establishing extra-standard relations.
Plus, with the English, it's quite interesting post-Brexit.
I don't get all this hate for the Cylons.
I've been there three years and I'm cool.
I work late. I come home late.
Only someone who's never set foot in the place would call this a ghetto.
Yeah, that's where most of Brno's Roma population lives, but the only thing they do is take over the sidewalks and park where they're not supposed to.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the centre, I'd happily recommend it.
There are now plenty of newly reconstructed or newly built apartments.
Felix Slovacek (78) is now without Dada and his sweetheart Gelem as well!
Who is she spending Christmas with?
Most people lit the first candle on their advent wreaths on Sunday, Felix Huber didn't.
I don't have an advent wreath, so there wasn't anything to light.
I've seen the wreath on the door and Lucie must have one too, said Lightning the saxophonist, confirming Patras's words that he often visited her.
He visits but doesn't live in their house on Vinohrady where Dada stayed after he left.
Little Slovak still doesn't know where he's gonna be on Christmas Eve.
We had a reunion with Anica, Felix and both boys recently.
Felix Slovacek and Lucie Gelemova:
Lucie Gelemová and Felix Slováček:
But we were still talking, so it didn't happen over Christmas.
I don't really know where I'll be.
I keep buying gifts and I'll definitely get something for Dad and Lucy, probably perfume.
I'm a gentleman, "Felix added, who came to the video clip baptism in the club Richman on his own.
I'm here alone, but I don't feel alone.
I always find someone to have fun with, says the Slovak, who was glad to meet the wife of Ludka Sobota Adrian, or singer Kamila Nývltová.
And he wasn't subtle about it.
And we are Iceland, so we can afford to have no army and no guns?
I doubt that anyone will defend us for us and our location is so strategic that the aggressor must be a complete idiot not to occupy this territory.
And I don't see why that's a bad argument, so explain that to me?
I'm not aware of any other component that could be deployed in a hospital emergency.
There aren't enough cops and they can't afford it, so the firemen and no place else has such a high percentage of people with medical training at that level.
The fact that our army is capable of defending even Ostrava goes to the heads of previous governments, not the army, which has been begging for new toys for quite a while.
Record Drought in the Czech Republic
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the countryside must not become just a factory for food, says the journalist.
Czech is experiencing the worst drought in recent years.
According to scientists, water has become scarce in mountainous and foothill areas, and places where drought has never been a problem are also recording lower rainfall.
The cause of the drought we are experiencing in much of Central Europe is climate change.
But the way we treat the land has a multiplier effect.
What should be done about the drought?
So how can we help nature in hard times?
Yeah it will be, I can barely stand on ice skates let alone play hockey and the tactics (which I have tried in FHM) are all over the place.
And whether you're the "bear Russia" or "dragon China" losing by two goals even when you don't have to win at all costs is different from being level.
But anyway, what I listen to Czech commentators pointing out, what the referees see or don't see, whether it's men's or women's hockey, it's all weird, but I guess that's sports in general, UEFA and "Italian Actors," or motorsports F1, Rally, etc.
There's controversy everywhere.
And if it was the other way around it's like always else, and that Czech has been losing to Russia more than winning, probably it would be a classic "they lost" vs "WE WON".
Coronavirus: Russia's Infection Rate Has Crossed 10 Million · Global Voices
On Saturday 11 December the Czech Republic recorded 9080 daily cases.
5,766 people have been hospitalized.
In total, 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, another 74.
Confirmed cases in the last 14 days in the Czech Republic is 1967 to 100,000 871 for the last week.
The number of infections in Russia on Sunday has exceeded 10 million.
In the last 24 hours, there have been 29,929 new infections.
It's the lowest daily number since October 13th.
The total number of HIV cases reported in Russia is 10016896.
The daily death count is 1,132, the lowest daily death toll since late October.
Britain faces an "inevitable" major wave of swine flu cases caused by the Omikron strain, said Dr Susan Hopkins, chief medical adviser to the British Health Safety Office, on Sunday TV.
This will require new quarantine measures.
Omicron-infected persons are already being hospitalized in Britain, and Hopkins expects that number to rise.
Meanwhile, on omicron, no one has died yet, but hospitalizations occur about two weeks after infection, and death about three weeks after infection.
Labour's Keir Starmer said on Sunday that Boris Johnson may have broken the law by holding a Christmas quiz at Downing Street last December when the lockdown was in force and Christmas parties were banned.
One minister in Johnson's government argued that the quiz took place "virtually" through a computer.
Of course, there were staffers gathered around laptops in Downing Street.
Pressure mounts in Britain to remove Johnson as Prime Minister.
Throughout last December, when a strict lockdown was in place in London and Christmas parties were banned, Johnson's ministers held numerous parties despite the lockdown.
The British public and media are outraged that Johnson and his government have made fools of them:
Paul Brand, ITV Commercial Television Editor for Britain: Two years ago today, Boris Johnson won a landslide victory in the General Election.
This morning, the Conservative Party is talking about removing him as Prime Minister.
It's remarkable how quickly events have developed.
Do you want to turn and save your skin?
Hungary is due to hold parliamentary elections this spring that could end 12 years of power by Viktor Orban.
It will be a Europe-wide election.
How much fair can you expect them to be?
They won't be fair.
They will probably not even be free, because such were not even the last two options under Orbán.
His party, Fidesz, controls the media, changes electoral districts to benefit itself, and plays other little and big tricks.
The last one means that in practice everyone can choose where to vote.
This enables Fidesz to move voters from districts where they are sure to lose to those where they can win.
So I'm just warning you, they won't be.
Do you think it will be as unfair as in 2014 and 2018?
The situation is dramatically different.
The question was no longer whether Fidesz would win, but by how much, and whether it would have a constitutional majority.
Now a united opposition has a real chance of winning more votes and seats.
This goes against everything that Victor Orbán and his party stand for.
Won't they try even harder to hold on to power?
There are indications that they are prepared to go further than they have in the past.
Recently, a recording of Parliament Speaker and Fidesz leader László Kövér surfaced in which he tells intelligence chiefs that the opposition is a threat to national security.
Is this the evidence of a new approach you keep talking about?
Yes, that's one of the things.
It all starts with the tongue.
I've been bit pretty often, last time when I was 14, parents aren't very patient, neither am I, dad has had it for a long time, but then it explodes extremely (only in connection with me).
At the same time I'm very choleric and I get really angry as a kid, so much so that I'd cramp up and turn blue and they'd have to take me under the shower a couple of times to calm me down.
Sometimes they would pat me on the head. Other times it was more like they didn't know what to do with me.
I definitely have a tendence nowadays to solve things with violence, as a kid I used to fight quite a bit, now I'll smash something for the sake of smashing something and as a younger kid I'd maybe smack my parents across the hand with a ruler, so never anything extreme, but always the tendence.
I'm not sure how much of this is my explosiveness, but I'm sure upbringing has something to do with it.
I'm afraid I'm going to lose patience with my own children and do something rash.
I think beating kids is just wrong and my parents shouldn't have done it, especially not at a point where it wasn't educational anymore but out of frustration. On the other hand, I guess every parent just screws up something, so it's probably not possible to not screw up your kids at least a little bit, so I don't blame them.
I'm not offended by it. I don't understand why OP should be embarrassed by it.
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
By that, I would call those who make laws in such a quality.
Otherwise, I wonder if you're not worried about a revenue shortfall?
Can you really count on people wanting your product enough to buy it and you having enough to make your mortgage payment?
Cohn's monstrous world.
Where will Slovakia move the murder trial of journalist Kuciak?
In Slovakia, the main hearings begin in the trial of four people charged with the murder of Ján Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová.
The murder of an investigative reporter and his partner changed Slovakia.
It mobilized civil society, but it also uncovered the practices of businessman Marián Kočner and his ties to the top of Slovak politics and justice.
What would a fundamental breakthrough mean for Slovakia?
The press can make an awful lot of that.
How is it possible that this petition got orders of magnitude more media attention than a petition by the deans of all the medical schools, which came out a day or two later?
So they got hustled and the company got away.
I mean, they were dying of the flu in Czech TV six months ago.
Next government ends and the law on municipal involvement in site selection nowhere
Minister Karl Havlíček's draft needs major work
The government of Prime Minister Andrey Babishev is coming to an end, and the law intended to ensure that the interests of municipalities and their citizens are taken into account in the selection and licensing of high-level radioactive waste repository sites still does not exist.
The Government Legislative Council suspended consideration of a bill that had been submitted to the government by the Ministry of Industry and Trade after protracted debate.
However, its content is in serious conflict, not only with the municipalities associated in the Platform Against Deep Mining, but also with the Czech Union of Towns and Municipalities.
The self-governments are expecting a significant strengthening of their options for deciding on the repository, as has been promised to the mayors since 2011 when the first work on this legislation began, and which is demanded by the Czech atomic law as well as the European directive.
We expect the new government to work together with the municipalities to revise the plan in accordance with the coalition agreement.
The draft bill from Minister Karl Havlicek, which is available to the Platform, faults municipalities with: The proposed level of involvement of municipalities and the public in the decision-making process regarding the selection of a site for a repository is inadequate and cannot ensure that municipal and citizen interests are respected.
Only if municipalities or the public can influence whether the process continues at a given location can it be truly effective.
This can be ensured by making the deposit of the stock report subject to obtaining the consent of the municipalities concerned before a specific procedure is started.
The proposal for a substantive directive almost completely overlooks the involvement of the public and turns citizens into little more than statistics in permit granting procedures.
The proposal misses a systematic setting of compensations for the municipalities for the whole process of searching and selecting a site for a repository, its permitting and operation.
Community representatives do not, under current legislation, have many opportunities to defend their citizens' interests when a site for a waste facility is being sought.
Only in certain permit granting procedures can third parties make their views known or appeal, but the decision rests with the authority or the minister in whose interest the permit is issued.
Any legal action shall not have suspensory effect on the implementation of exploration or construction works.
The co-decision of the self-government that the Platform is asking for is a principle commonly used in many democratic developed countries and certainly in those that are already advanced in permitting storage, such as Sweden or Finland.
Furthermore, the preparation of law is another failure of the state administration, which hires external law firms to prepare legislation.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm of Havel & Partners, signed by SÚRAO, that continues a relationship with attorney Jan Zemánek.
The total amount for these works should according to the register of contracts be almost CZK 4 million.
Antonín Seka, deputy mayor of the town of Cejle from the Hrádek locality and spokesperson for the No to Deep Repository Platform said: After ministers of industry who only passed the responsibility for finding a deep repository for high-level radioactive waste on to regional authorities, we expect a significant change from the new government.
We stand ready to assist them.
We are also grateful for the support of the Union of Towns and Municipalities, which views the problem of inadequate rights for municipalities in relation to such fundamental constructions in the same light as directly affected municipalities in the selected locations.
The Anti-Deep Geological Repository Platform unites 51 members (35 municipalities and cities and 16 federations) with the aim of promoting a change in the state's approach to managing spent nuclear fuel and other radioactive waste, an approach that will not be limited to deep geological repositories.
It further promotes that the decision on the selection of a site for possible storage should be subject to the prior consent of the municipalities concerned.
Actor John Goodman (69) was scared into losing 45 pounds:
Doctor's finally scared him.
They told him if he didn't lose weight, he would die.
And it worked.
Goodman has reportedly lost 90 kilograms - half of his original weight of 180 kg - The Sun newspaper reports.
He showed off his new figure in Los Angeles at the premiere of his new animated series, The Freak Brothers.
Fat guy from the sitcom Roseanne is not the same person!
John liked to joke that his friends and family begged him to lose weight because his large body was causing furniture to split.
I just shoved it all in my mouth, "the actor said in a 2018 interview with AARP.
I wanted to do it slowly this time.
Move, exercise.
I'm getting to the age where I can't afford to sit still, ABC's Goodman said, whose transformation is remarkable.
It also depends on the boss and the context in which you're using the word "boss."
If it's a text on a platform that's expecting a gamer audience, I wouldn't translate it at all.
If this were, like, a formal text, like a college text, I would probably be looking to describe or explain the boss.
To make matters worse, there's more than one kind of boss.
Like, a game like Dark Souls and stuff, you have multiple "bosses" yeah, and so the "boss" is kind of like the master of that level, and then there's a final boss...
Many games conceal hidden bosses (super boss) that are not required to be fought at all to complete the game or level, but are often stronger than standard bosses.
Then there are games like Half-Life, where the bosses are there, but you don't really meet them directly (Tentacle, Gargantua), and how should we call them?
Yeah, and then there's the mini-bosses.
It's just about impossible to find a one-word translation for the boss, and other languages don't really solve the problem either (interestingly, Catalan, which translates the boss as the final opponent).
It is, in short, for a story or game in general meaningful, computer-controlled, more powerful opponent than all previous and watching the completion of some level or task.
The world is searching for missing Londoner, Petra.
The Czech police are involved.
British police have been searching for missing Petra Sinclair since December 3rd.
Czech police are also taking part in the search.
The 32-year-old woman from Uherskohradska has been missing since December 7.
Working with the British police through Interpol.
Czech Petra Srnca was last seen by her colleagues on November 28.
She has been missing since December 3.
Interpol put out a so-called yellow circular on her.
So the whole world is looking for Peter.
Czech police are working closely with the British police, "confirmed police spokeswoman Katerina Rendlova.
We're sharing information on the case, "she added.
The massive search for Petra was featured on the police website.
He says she's about 5'6," skinny, with brown eyes and long, straight brown hair.
She should come from Hungerford.
Petra worked as a nurse in one of London's hospitals.
Friends and colleagues are concerned, as it's so out of character for her to go missing.
Local MP Harriet Harmon has been involved in the search for Peter.
She helped distribute the Petra flyers.
We are extremely worried about her,
In connection with the disappearance, British police have now arrested a suspect.
But it's not clear who that is or what he has to do with Petra.
Pre-Christmas Czech terrify Agent Tesla.
While data in October pointed to a slight decline in offensive campaigns, attacks surged significantly last month with the approach of the year's end.
We recorded a big push for Agent Tesla on November 18.
The attacks are clearly aimed at the Czech Republic.
Attacker strategy remains unchanged for now.
The infected attachment in the email tries to lure the user's attention with a name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
While last month the dangerous attachment had the word "invoice" in its name, this time it was labeled as Copy of Invoice Correction for 11.2021..."exe," said Martin Jirkal from Eset.
Spyware includes features that scan Internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook and Mozilla Thunderbird email clients, and Yandex.
The malicious code actively seeks out stored login credentials and then sends them to the attackers.
Our latest big campaign in the Czech Republic ran through August and September, and with the holidays and the end of the year approaching, the attackers' activity is again on the rise.
In November, the spyware program Formbook remained active.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case do not appear to be targeting the Czech Republic specifically, and security researchers in November detected campaigns with a more global reach.
It is down slightly compared to the October Formbook, but still accounts for nearly a fifth of all detections.
The attacks continued unabated throughout the month with increased activity on 3, 10 and 15 November.
he Formbook most often had an.exe attachment called SPECIFICATION REQUEST.
But the name of the invoice continues to appear.
The annex in Czech may then be far more dangerous for the Czech user.
A significant drop-off and slackening of activity is noted by security analysts in Fareit, which accounted for 1.6 percent of attacks and has not had a major offensive campaign in the Czech Republic for several months.
Today's demochusa smart-arse, who doesn't need oxygen, because oxygen is for vaccinated jerks.
The Prague parade was bigger than the media reported.
From the footage of the march along the waterfront, and my own experience as a demonstrator, I would not be afraid to guess around 10,000 people.
People in the procession filled the riverbank, the bridge, and the opposite riverbank.
That means a lot of people.
The march of about 4,000 demonstrators is joined spontaneously by an unprecedented number of passers-by.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokry.
That the sustained discontent of several large groups or strata of the population led them to find a common language.
Just the antivax, anti-roach crowd alone couldn't pull off or pay for a parade this big.
The actions of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals are becoming more and more popular, reminding me of the Million Mom March for gun control.
Sometimes I get the feeling they even rent the same stages and equipment.
It is hard to say what movement would emerge from this discontent, depending not only on the injection of funds but also on whether the Pfizer three-dose vaccine does not become a four-plus dose.
It certainly won't be a left-wing or a centre movement, you can bet on that.
The triple vaccine will almost certainly become a multiple vaccine, because it is evident that we will need to vaccinate every six months.
I'm very glad vaccines saved us.
A noble endeavor of mankind of which we can be proud.
An End to Stagnation? Bulgaria Gets a New Prime Minister Promising Change · Global Voices
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev tasked Kiril Petkov of the anti-corruption movement We Are Changing, which won the November elections, with forming a new government.
It has now managed to cobble together a broad coalition government that is expected to take office within days.
The political crisis in the country has been ongoing since April, when the previous government lost elections amidst anti-corruption protests.
The winning parties, claiming to be fighting corruption and abuse of power, failed to agree, leading to two more rounds of premature elections.
What do cats do when no one's watching?
From secrecy to a global hit.
In Britain, concerns grew over the weekend about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman who is being sought by London police.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago, on her way home from work in the UK capital.
As well as the police, her former employer and the MP for the London constituency in which she lives have been calling for information about the children's hospital worker.
Petra's disappearance is completely out of character and we're becoming increasingly concerned for her welfare.
Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried and just wants to know where she is, "she continued.
Missing Czech, according to her, left work Sunday, November 28, about 7:45 p.m., heading home to the Camberwell neighborhood.
She was last seen getting on a bus about a half hour later.
A colleague reported her missing on December 3.
She was reported by British media to have been a "nursing assistant" at the Evelina Children's Hospital, part of the Guy's and St. Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust.
We are extremely worried about our dear colleague Petra, who is missing, said the group of medical facilities in a Twitter post.
We would encourage anyone who may have any information that could assist in locating her to contact the police, "the statement continued.
An anonymous tipster accused local amateur children's room painter Zdenka Dvorakova Kocourkova (as well as county pirate councillor) of infringing copyright with her paintings.
The court, however, ruled that the paintings of Oyster Boy in the Shrimp Room did not violate the law.
There was a moon-sized pothole in the road into Ostrava, in the form of an uncovered drain.
It was life.
The magistrate referred the complaints to the RDS, which is responsible for the road, and when they allegedly failed to react, the hole remained.
Finally, authorities clarified responsibilities and ownership, and after a month the Ministry of the Interior "started to deal intensively with the situation."
