A big return of the Czech smoler is approaching.
Pavel Francouz was called up to the NHL.
Czech ice hockey goaltender Pavel Francouz, who is currently going through a difficult period in his career, is returning to the NHL.
A 30-year-old Plzeň native will be on the bench and soon he could also get into the goal.
A former goalkeeper of Litvínov, Plzeň or Russian Chelyabinsk was injured in preparation for the NHL in October last year.
He was exactly in the middle of the game with Vegas when he was replaced and has not yet appeared on the ice in the NHL since then.
The incident occurred at the moment when the experienced goalkeeper was moving from one pole to another.
"Pavel Francouz will be out for approximately three to four weeks with an injury to his lower body," the Denver Nuggets announced at the beginning of October.
His return to the NHL net finally lasted more than two months.
On Sunday afternoon, American time, he was called from the farm where he had caught four ducks and showed his old form.
In the AHL, he had a save percentage of 94.5%.
A player from Plzeň's ice hockey team wants to finally establish himself and prove that he belongs in the best league in the world.
In the last season, he had problems with his knees, and in the shortened pandemic season, he did not play a single match.
In the NHL, "Francik" played 36 games, his save percentage is 92.3%.
Charles puts a crown on Camille's head at Christmas, William and Kate pose in Jordan.
Prince William and his wife Kate chose a family photo taken during their trip to Jordan as their Christmas card this year.
The prince Charles also revealed his wish, using a photo in which his wife Camilla is helping him to put on a riding helmet.
The British news agency BBC informed about it on its internet pages.
The wish is sent to friends, colleagues, and foundations with which they collaborate.
The photo was taken somewhere in the desert.
The Duchess of Cambridge is dressed in long summer dresses in khaki color and the princess Charlotte also has dresses in the same color.
Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, is wearing the same shorts and a polo shirt as Prince George and Louis.
Who took the photographs, William and Kate didn't mention, is not even clear when exactly they were taken.
The royal family posed for a Christmas photo shoot on a sack of straw in front of a pile of wood in their outdoor residence in the county of Norfolk.
A photo that will serve as a Christmas wish was also released by the successor to the throne, Prince Charles, with his wife Camilla.
Photographer Sam Hussein captured the moment in June at the Ascot racecourse.
Charles, who has a cylinder on his head and a veil on his face, helps Camille put on her veil, which is colored gently with her white clothes.
According to efotbal.cz, Slavia offered Berbrov a million for the title, but Tvrdík denied it.
According to the current corruption scandal, criminalists allegedly worked with the fact that the former vice president of the Czech Football Association, Roman Berbr, had been offered a million crowns by Slavia Prague for the league title in the 2018/19 season.
The server efotbal.cz informed that it has obtained a part of the police records.
The chairman of the Vršovice club, Jaroslav Tvrdík, announced that there was no corruption involved.
The server has published a transcript of police wiretaps, in which Slavia's former sports director Jan Nezmar appears mainly. Nezmar ended his career in the top club in the summer.
A former influential functionary of the Czech Red-Green coalition was frequently in contact with both Berber and Roman Rogoz, the former sports director of the second-league Vyšehrad, who is also among the accused in the case.
The criminalists allegedly worked with information that Slavia Berbrov offered a financial reward to anyone who would help him get the title.
In 2019, the team SK Slavia Praha won the title in the first league.
The police had knowledge that Roman (Berbr) was promised a million-crown bonus by Slavia Prague functionaries for winning the league, according to a server quote from the dossier.
According to criminalists, Berbr did not only meet with Nezmar, but also with the chairman of the Slavia Tvrdik.
The information from the server does not indicate whether the police are still investigating this matter.
He categorically denied any corrupt practices.
In the years 2015-2017, we actively sought to change the situation in Czech football and offered an alternative to its development.
"We have never engaged in any illegal activities, we have not attempted to influence the referees in violation of fair play rules, and we have not provided any financial support to anyone in this regard," Tvrdík said for Seznam Zprávy.
In addition to Nezmar, other former Slavia players are also criticized by him, and he also insults his former coach Tvrdíč.
The case of alleged match-fixing through referees was launched by the police in mid-October with a series of raids at several locations, including the FAČR headquarters in Prague.
The highest-ranking person in the affair is Berbr, who is no longer included in any football function.
In mid-January, former sports director of Vyšehrad Rogoz was released from detention.
Helicopters, tanks, and BVPs are larping the Cold War.
The new ones will be of a fundamentally worse type (artillerymen must fire from armored cabins and carry shells manually without protection).
Cars - Toyota Hi-Lux - are new and good.
Various armored vehicles and trailers - at an acceptable level, moreover, we managed to get rid of Praga V3S and even some specialized units.
Planes: combat-suitable, but at the end of the lease, transportation- very small with a short range, but modern.
Drones - mostly small types with little or no combat potential.
Rockets - we don't have them at all (but we are producing and exporting them)
PVO: middle - winter-spring, outdated; short-range - good, modern, relatively good number.
I have such a story.
I have a hunting lodge right next to the city.
Nutria were swimming in the river and causing damage to crops, so I was stationed there.
When I came, I saw that on the other side of the river there was a fisherman.
I didn't want to run a brothel, so I sat quietly and typed on my computer. Maybe you didn't notice me.
I'm hoping he'll leave before anything happens, but of course, while he was taking a leak, a mouse came out.
I let her come to 40 meters before I decided to shoot.
The poor fisherman was about to drown, he had a net on all sides, so I called out to him, "That was on the louse."
Before I slipped out of possession, I was fucked.
A man's pride can be his downfall.
It's not war on the other side, it would have to be a blessing of many coincidences for something to happen, probably you would be seen in thermal imaging, which I have almost every day now.
So, to the visible place, drag things to the ground and you should be in comfort.
Vojtěch vs. Hamáček.
The respiratory system was significantly cheaper than the Ministry of Health.
The state, responsible for the purchase and distribution of respirators, masks, and respirators for professions closest to the coronavirus, has spent billions of crowns on their acquisition in recent weeks.
The iRozhlas server compared the purchases of individual ministries and found that the amounts for respirators varied by hundreds of crowns within a single day.
Why did the prices suddenly skyrocket?
Which authorities behaved economically?
Why did other people buy dráž?
Lenka Kabrhelová is talking to the editor of the iRozhlas server, Dominika Kubištovová.
I value soldiers and the army, but the Czech Republic cannot benefit from compulsory military service.
We don't have a large store of technical skills that can be trained, we don't really have modern technology even for our current professionals, and besides, modern technology is always more complicated, so the skills of the substitutes will rapidly decline over time.
To modern conventional conflicts, to which anyone can be deployed, will take place very quickly, and there will be no time for someone to train again.
Finally, reserve forces/territorial defense have a great significance for countries like Ukraine, where a massive guerrilla war is being waged and it is an expressed necessity to deter the enemy.
The only way to fight in the Czech Republic is in a conflict of such scope and intensity that guerrilla warfare will be irrelevant, and we do not have the appropriate geography for it.
We mainly don't have individual skills.
It's not even the worst.
The worst thing is that half of them play as if they had it.
So the situation is such that you look like a frajer who 2 minutes ago didn't make it through the empty gate, and now he's rushing into the attack between 2 or even 3 švýcary and you're thinking "oh, and what do you think will happen now?"
Of course, they will take him as an average taxpayer.
The situation with this skill "to provoke the defender" is so terrible that I have realized that I am truly surprised when I see that our attacker has managed to surround one player of the opposing team.
First butterflies
The COVID-19 pandemic is slowing down, but experts do not expect any significant turnaround in the coming weeks.
The pressure in hospitals according to statistical models will continue for some time and has been added to the pandemic equation, as is known, a new unknown: the omikron variant, which is likely to spread much faster than the currently dominant Delta.
At the same time, it cannot be said with absolute certainty whether it can cause a more serious course, to what extent it is countered by vaccination or post-infection immunity obtained by previous infection.
But this week, an unexpected phenomenon appeared on the plus side of the COVID equation: the possibility of treatment.
A new drug, the antiviral molnupiravir, has arrived in the Czech Republic, which reduces the risk of a severe course of the disease and hospitalization by a third and can be treated at home.
He should also add the Pfizer drug Paxlovid, which according to current results has an effectiveness of 85%.
The first deliveries of molnupiravir to the Czech Republic, in addition to the hope of expanding the portfolio of useful tools in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic, also highlighted the question of how the Czech administration is prepared for the arrival of the drugs.
As was said, the first to be delivered to Czech patients will be molnupiravir from the Merck company.
The company finished first on the paschal holiday because the drug had been developing for a long time before the current pandemic with the aim of finding an appropriate treatment for viral infection in horses on the South American continent.
This study often overlooks the fact that people in Western countries (Germany, Sweden, etc.)
They are generally less open and less willing to share their opinions.
"We Eastern Europeans, and especially the Czechs, are used to saying 'our noses have grown.'"
You will conduct a survey where you ask people if they are happy with Muslims.
In Czech, most people without umlauts will tell you no.
On the West, they will tell you how much they love migration, how everyone should help, and how we Czechs are a racist bunch.
And then he chooses parties like AfD.
He is afraid of cancel culture, saying this in public means losing his job and facing media lynching.
In surveys, it looks good, the west is good, the east is bad.
But you will find out what people really think.
Only in France Le Pen and Zemmoura, both have over 20% according to a survey.
We know that the objects are three and completely identical.
Identical due to the fact that units are rotated so that soldiers do not have to learn where everything is again. All objects are the same.
There is one Atom Museum in Brdy, and the remaining two are abandoned.
It is clear that the SSC did not want to have nuclear warheads on its own territory, either for security reasons or for the speed of deployment of warheads due to their western location.
In the underground shelters (in every yew tree are two), only the heads of the rockets were stored, as it is said.
If it was necessary to plant this weapon, a special unit arrived, which took this head and mounted it on some carrier device.
In addition to the museum elm, these remaining ones are in a deplorable state.
At the second grade of basic school, we had a classmate named Cigan, we were together for 4 years.
He was completely in his element, made good jabs, often spoke out too much, but he was such a mascot of ours.
He was with him every day, often walked and wanted to explain something, he was missing very little, walked regularly, devoted himself to sports with us, did not steal sweets, nor phones, walked cleanly dressed.
He went to school in the woods, made various squirrel nests, but was always in a good mood, perhaps never any troublemaker.
In the eighth or ninth grade, siblings enrolled in the same year, Romani people in different grades.
To the point, they killed the teacher, she often solved something for the police, they threatened and intimidated other students.
I personally sell something occasionally on an advertisement (old things, something I don't need, etc.) and I have sold to Cigánů many times. They always had the money, they never tried to pull any tricks on me to raise the price, and our communication was always calm.
I once sold a car like this, the boy called me a month later, saying he had already sold it to someone else.
I tell myself that I am not a racist, it doesn't matter to me if someone is white, black, yellow, blue or any other color, as long as they behave in a respectful manner (works, functions, doesn't hit women, normal behavior).
But how someone comes, stretches out his hand, destroys buildings and homes, has chaos around him, creates problems... it's just one color, but I won't like it.
I don't have a problem with African migrants, as long as they join us and start working, they will learn our language (not necessarily, at least English), and they will respect our culture.
If you believe in Allah, that's fine with me as long as you respect my traditions and culture.
A young woman died in a car crash on the Prachatice highway.
A young woman suffered serious multiple injuries and despite resuscitation efforts, unfortunately, she succumbed to her injuries at the scene, according to a spokesperson for the South Bohemian Health Rescue Service, Zuzana Fajtlová.
The accident was probably caused by a driver who was taking a girl.
An 18-year-old driver of a Peugeot car was probably driving from the village of Žíchovec to the town of Bavorov and in a curve he drove into the opposite lane.
A Peugeot car ended up on the roof of a building after a rainstorm, according to a spokesperson for the South Bohemian police, Štěpánka Schwarzová.
A young driver of a Peugot car suffered very serious injuries in a crash.
It was a multiple injury and he stayed in the car for a long time.
After being released, she must have received acute pre-hospital care, and then he was transported by air ambulance to the Czech Budějovice hospital, where the rescuer Fajtlová confirmed the diagnosis.
She added that the man from the second car suffered a minor injury to his chest and was taken to the hospital.
New rules for packages from countries outside the EU apply, customers often do not provide information about them.
Lukáš Neuheisl orders from abroad several times a month.
He mainly buys collector's cards.
"It could be tens of dollars, let's say from ten dollars up, where it still makes sense to import, especially from Japan where mail is often free," the collector explains.
Since October, the ordering of small shipments has become slightly more expensive, and now it must include VAT and postal fees for customs clearance.
He will receive an email stating that customs expects the package to arrive.
The recipient must provide the necessary data about the shipment, and if the seller did not include the VAT in the price at the time of sale, the customs authority will calculate and collect it from the total amount of the shipment and shipping costs.
If the recipient does not arrange customs clearance himself, an additional fee must be added to the total amount for the carrier.
According to Lukáš Neuheisel, the whole process is not complicated.
I'll make one or two zatrhávací políčka, add two attachments, and I'm done.
"For me, it's usually a question of five minutes," says Neuheisl.
Not all deliveries are successful.
Due to new customs regulations, the daily number of incoming international mail at the Prague post office decreased from 60,000 to 15,000.
According to the Czech Post, there is also a problem that people do not respond to invitations to provide data that are necessary for the completion of the entire proceeding.
Currently, there are 30,000 parcels on the international mail, which we need to process.
If people filled in all the necessary details and did so in a timely manner, we would be roughly halfway through, says Czech Post spokesperson Matyáš Vitík.
Inflation solution
Can you provide a title for how you would design a solution for current inflation?
Currently, we are at 9.9% inflation and it is expected to continue to rise.
What should the state do according to you to slow down or compensate for this growth?
Do you see a decrease in DPH on food and PHM in Poland? Is this the way for you?
What do you think will happen, what is inevitable with what is coming?
Prices are rising faster than wages, according to me, it is inevitable that people will not be able to afford everyday things, especially energy.
How much do you need to be added (who is the employee)?
They added 2% to the gross this year, which is a disgrace, but I have a similar income from my own business.
Can someone explain to me why convicted violent offenders are sentenced to prison for at least six months?
This animal's head simply won't fit through the bars, so the court has sentenced it to six months in jail just so it can do it again as soon as it gets out.
6 Months is nothing in comparison to the fact that his/her victim will have trauma for several years, negatively affecting their sexual relationships and overall relationships.
It's not about the fact that the victim of rape may not be able to recover from it.
Will this prevent potential future reporting of sexual abuse victims?
A man from Hroby "burnt" his girlfriend from Kostomlat.
A man from Hroby unintentionally helped the police to ensure the arrest of his nationally sought-after girlfriend from Kostomlat, for whom a warrant had been issued.
He called her to him.
He was going, but then something happened.
First, he approached a passerby and invented a story that he had been robbed.
The guards arrived at the scene after being called to the emergency number and were amazed when the supposed "robbed" person told them that he had invented everything to make the guards come to the scene.
In reality, he only wanted to advise the guards on how to report to the Czech Police.
During the identity check of the man and his girlfriend, the police discovered that the woman is on the list of wanted persons in a nationwide search, and an arrest warrant has been issued for her.
The case is solved by the Czech Republic.
A direct question for people here, do you consider our country to be Slavic?
I am personally of the opinion that Slavs are no longer ethnically or culturally Slavic, but I would be interested in your opinion.
Of course I'll agree with you, it's a shame that Churchill couldn't ensure the liberation of Prague USA :')
Of course, I don't deny that we have a Slavic language.
I don't know, it's really a question of whether a rational human being can truly believe in something without evidence just because it potentially could bring benefit.
I personally wouldn't consider such a case to be true faith.
I cannot agree with Pascal here, there are around ten thousand different religions in the world.
Which god or gods does a person have to choose from?
I would say that it is quite probable that in one of the thousands of religions there exists at least one god who will punish you if you do not believe in him.
But in the tenth month, the word of the Lord came to me, saying, "Jeremiah, what do you see?" And I said, "I see a rod of an almond tree." Then the Lord said to me, "You have seen well, for the rod of the almond tree is a symbol of the early rain, and the almonds are a sign of the spring rains that I will send you." And the word of the Lord came to me a second time, saying, "Jeremiah, what do you see?" And I said, "I see a boiling pot, facing away from the north." Then the Lord said to me, "Out of the north disaster will break out on all the inhabitants of the land. For I am calling all the peoples of the kingdoms of the north," declares the Lord, "to pour out their wrath on Jerusalem and on all the cities of Judah. And my wrath shall rest upon this place and shall not be withdrawn, declares the Lord, because they have forsaken me and have worshiped Ashtoreth, the goddess of the Sidonians, Chemosh, the god of Moab, and
It would not have been rational to withhold belief in any god in such a case, rather than risking that I might choose poorly among the thousands of gods and end up with the one true god, whom I have not yet encountered, sending me to hell or some other similar place?
Other: Voluntary training with subsequent placement in the reserve.
The Swiss model is similar here.
After X months of training (in different specializations, X months on one), under the leadership of professional coaches with practical experience.
If a person leads well, they can get a profitable offer.
Something like this would be suitable for all components of the AČR.
It could be done in cooperation with the University of Defense.
We can talk like this: The cooperation between the educational sector and industry is constantly improving, companies are looking for talent in schools, and there is a certain overlap, where the workforce is migrating from educational institutions to working conditions.
Not only during adolescence, but this process is constantly occurring, each of us is constantly learning something new, moving from one field to another, etc.
Similar blending should work between the civil and military sectors.
I see it as a way to build a relationship between a citizen and the army, that is, an institution that guarantees that I will never be a threat to Russia, Germany or even a Mongolian invader.
I find it amusing that you consider NATO to be something carved in stone, we have allies and they will defend us if there is an attack.
No pleasure in pain.
Just one election in the USA will turn their budget upside down, and the entire NATO will go down the drain.
The English will replace us with Russian rubles, the Germans will replace us with Russian gas, and the Poles have already shown that they are satisfied with just showing their backsides and taking what they want.
The only thing that guarantees long-term independence is a well-armed army and a population that can control military technology of its time.
Today, every teenager can pilot drones remotely, as if it were nothing.
We don't need border fortifications, that's today's joke, but a teenager with a dial-up remote-controlled device can figure it out.
How to survive in a crab box tsunami
Will you be able to unwrap the gifts under the Christmas tree and suddenly find yourself overwhelmed with boxes and fillings?
This "waste" is again being used by e-shops, which lack packaging materials.
A map of businesses that your used boxes are familiar with has been created.
Not just about Christmas.
All packaging materials are designed to withstand repeated handling.
Therefore, it is necessary to approach them as with a one-time waste.
Anyone can bring a cardboard box, plastic or paper filling into the connected business (the map project KAMsNIM.cz contains almost 150 of them).
By supporting small businesses, it will reduce the amount of waste created and also avoid overfilled blue containers.
Retailers welcome packaging shortages and saved money because the packaging cardboard price has increased by 50% over the past period.
By strengthening my brand in the eyes of environmentally conscious customers, I am further enhancing my brand.
One of such businesses is TIERRA VERDE, a producer of eco-drugs and eco-cosmetics.
The plastic bags and filling material are delivered to Popůvek near Brno by individuals who collect them at home. However, we also receive deliveries from companies with whom we have agreed on regular shipments of cardboard boxes.
We use everything when packing shipments from our e-shop.
Thank you to individuals and companies for together creating a more respectful world.
Our aim is to preserve the sources and beauty of nature for future generations, says Petra Lopušníková from Terra.
The application [www.KAMsNIM.cz](http://www.KAMsNIM.cz) shows not only the selection of packaging materials.
It serves as a waste disposal unit, if you need to get rid of anything (e.g. outdated medication, used tires, worn-out electronics, batteries, light sources, large-volume waste, etc.).
All waste can end up in the right place, and reusable items can find their second home.
The total map of the project includes over 100,000 such places.
"Over time, more and more collection points, re-use centers, textile containers, food banks, charity shops, SWAPs, and other places are being added to it, which help to find a use for things that would otherwise become waste," says Miroslav Kubásek, one of the authors of the application from the association Ukliďme Česko.
I'm sorry that in today's world technology is so simple and indestructible that children who use a computer or a phone to play games don't learn basic computer skills from it.
Recently, there has been a problem (especially in English articles) that students of high schools do not understand the principle of components on a computer.
Because Google Photos or Apple applications for photos or generally mobile phones simply hide the underlying file system with folders and everything displays on one screen in the application.
Let them use the technique from childhood, but mainly that they learn something.
Let's summarize the history, seriously
Emmanuel Macron presented the priorities of the French presidency of the EU, which begins in January, and it was grand.
Macron spoke for an hour, during which he revealed the presidency's logo, called for the protection of Europeans - in work, on the street - and mentioned so many actions that it is impossible to list them all in half a year.
But French politicians love it and so do the voters.
Macron's supporters disagree on the extent to which he should move between the right and the left, but they agree that he should do so in Europe.
In France, there will be new elections for the head of state in April.
The electoral calendar influenced not only the priorities of the parties, but also their own.
The French leader mentioned that historians should write "one history of Europe" and France is ready to create such conditions for historians to work on.
A number of commentators immediately criticized Macron's speech as pro-European propaganda and a rewrite of history.
In reality, it seems to be more about trying to rewrite history.
Extreme right-wing candidate for the French presidency, Eric Zemmour, is currently touring France with the thesis that the Vichy regime, which collaborated with Hitler during World War II, was not so bad, and he is having great success with this among the French.
Let's take Macron's idea for one history textbook seriously and not look at events in France.
Was it necessary?
Students in European countries mostly learn history as a story of us versus them and never as a story of the whole.
The Spaniards, the French, the Czechs are learning who defeated whom in which battle.
But if they don't have an enlightened cantor, they won't know the broader context of the event.
What is the film of the year, Aida?
Czech "Mice" did not win.
The story that returns to the massacre in Srebrenica in 1995 also won awards for direction and for the best actress, Jasna Duričić.
At this year's Karlovy Vary festival, he held onto the top spot on the box office chart.
Anthony Hopkins was named the best actor in Berlin for the film Father.
I am not very young, I am not very healthy/fit, and I am not vaccinated.
It was like having a cold/being sickly. I had a cough for a few days and didn't have much of an appetite to smoke.
It was worse than a regular cold.
I don't have a cough.
(Only personal experience. I don't think it's like that for everyone)
Christmas book tips
The Christmas double issue, which will be released on December 20th, will contain a traditional literary supplement.
A spolu s ní vyjdou i kulturní tipy.
We are adding this to the digital edition for you, our pre-order customers, so that you have enough time to order books as Christmas gifts.
Prose texts that continue the previous collection of Petříček Sellier & Petříček Bellot.
Another portion of observation of the world and description of everyday things with uncommon poetic depth, breadth, and atmosphere.
In his second prose, photographer Šesták tried to capture the essence of a small town and Czech society.
A story about returning to one's roots, which will turn out to be just an exhausted illusion.
A Czechist and a comparatist transfers a fairy tale about the Red Riding Hood into the background of a contemporary village.
Her submission brutality overcomes popular versions and evolves into a horror about emotional emptiness.
The idea that returning to instincts is shorter than a person is willing to accept.
The author of his last novel tells a less sentimental story about returning from emigration than we are used to listening to.
Those who stayed and those who left know too little about each other to live together.
Trains will start running according to the new timetable, and in some places, the operator will change.
Starting from Sunday, trains on the railway will be running according to the new timetable.
The biggest change is the replacement of train operators on some routes, for example between Ústí nad Labem and Kolín, where RegioJet begins to operate instead of Czech Railways.
For most lines, only the departure time will be adjusted, possibly with a slight change in their route.
There will also be dozens of new trains on the tracks.
The sale of tickets began with the onset of autumn for the carriers.
Czech Railways plan to operate an average of 6,783 passenger trains per day in the new timetable, with an average of 478 long-distance trains per day.
According to the new timetable, trains will cover approximately 118 million kilometers.
The new timetable for domestic trains within the Czech Republic will also include routes to Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Austria, and Switzerland.
The company will introduce dozens of new trains with the new timetable.
The main news will be the InterJet trains, which will be running on the lines from Prague to Cheb.
The train operator will add more new trains to the routes in northern Moravia or western Bohemia.
The transport company also traditionally increases fares from the next year, on average by 3.2 percent.
Railways take inflation into account in their tariffs annually.
The biggest change in the RegioJet timetable is the entry into service of the R23 line from Ústí nad Labem to Mělník, Nymburk and Kolín.
The transport company will replace Czech Railways after a successful competition of the Ministry of Transport.
RegioJet will be operating 16 trains per day, with eight in each direction.
The changes also affect long-distance connections between Prague and Brno, which will stop at stations Havlíčkův Brod, Žďár nad Sázavou, and Kolín from Sunday.
Leo Express kept its 16 trains, two return trains to Slovakia, and weekend connections to Krakow.
According to the speaker Emil Sedlář, the carrier tried to maintain even during planned maintenance work the most similar possible driving times of its long-distance trains.
The operation of trains Arrivy and other carriers should continue without major changes.
The train operator may change in some regional lines.
Changes are expected for passengers, for example, on the Czech Lines route from Mladá Boleslav via Česká Lípa to Rumburk, where instead of Czech Railways trains, Trilex trains from the German company Die Länderbahn will be running.
Passengers will be able to use a single fare for rail travel for a second year.
Their prices will increase by 3.2% due to inflation, just like with Czech Railways.
We must disagree.
Can we learn to see things from a different perspective?
We hear everywhere how much they had to fight for their rights, how they were oppressed and had to endure, how they died.
In life, I have never heard teaching from the perspective of the slave-owning side or from that time, no one defends it, everyone condemns it.
Nobody tells you in schools that blacks often sold themselves into slavery and that they were often the worst slave owners.
No one will teach you in school that colonizers often bought land from Indians, everywhere they will just tell you how brutally we, Europeans, exterminated them, while we ourselves were exterminated long ago.
For some time, I have also spent time in the USA, directly on schools, both in northern schools and in southern ones.
I have not encountered the fact that someone would deliberately suppress facts, but I have heard that it happens and according to me, it is a problem, I do not deny it (for example, in Japan, war crimes from WW2 are quite taboo).
My point was that history is not black and white and that we tend to look at it from today's perspective, without understanding.
History doesn't concern itself with someone's feelings, it's just the way it is, and I think it's a fatal mistake to judge without looking at the thing from the time when it happened.
We should learn from her and never repeat this again.
Although we are already in the southern states, yes, the confederate flag and famous slave owners are quite popular there, on the other hand, they also had some of their own successes, and it would be absurd to reject them.
Furthermore, the North wasn't any better than it is today. Some people idealize it more than it deserves.
A lot of people also forget that not everyone in the South was a slave owner and that they too had their own struggles.
I would not equate this with Russians, they deliberately omit some facts, lie, and manipulate, and our view of them does not exist (there was a TV video on YouTube where someone was beaten up for talking about our legionnaires and 1968).
What was funny about the rise of Marxism and idealization of communism in US schools was that it was something that their country had never experienced.
Overall, I think it was a shock for some universities, those students were too radicalized and those schools supported them how many times.
When I imagine that these people will be much older, it bothers me a bit that this could be the voice of the majority, because there are many young people among them and even in the ruling elite.
I'm glad that feminism has already achieved what it had and it's not about the same thing anymore, it has become more radical.
Currently, those who identify as feminists are those who have nothing in common with it and ignore the basic biological fact, and this leads to further groups being added, such as the LGBT community, which often leads to radicalization on both sides, and this can sometimes lead to opposition even from very reasonable things.
The louder someone is, the more radical they are.
Of course, I have also encountered the accusation that I am guilty of colonialism or slavery.
I have met a bad geography teacher, but that was mutual :D
Not because I don't like it here, but because it's completely pointless to me.
Should I be proud of something that I wasn't able to do by myself?
Furthermore, I consider the concept of nationality to be unnecessary from the perspective of any personal identity.
If something ties me to people, interests in the world, and shared experiences, it is not where I was born, but where I live now.
I am not a believer, but from what I know, I can tell you this: We have two Greek Catholic parishes here, one Ukrainian and the other Slovak.
The Slovak priest is a really great guy, he has sermons mostly about theology rather than politics, but then he always manages to sneak in some comment about the coronavirus, so everyone feels embarrassed.
Of course, here is the Czechoslovak Hussite Church.
Officially they are Protestants, but in reality they were born from Catholic modernity and are factually Catholic without the Pope.
I know many Catholics who attend services at the Hussite Church because it is theologically similar, but the members are usually more liberal.
They have a beautiful and historically very valuable functionalist church on Botanická Street.
The Church of St. Michael on the Dominican Square belongs to the Dominicans and even there, every Sunday at 15:00, they celebrate Mass in Latin, just as it was done before Vatican II.
A Christmas candle from Bethlehem is in the Czech Republic, the scouts brought it from Austria.
Břeclav - A flattened bell in Bethlehem, where according to Christian tradition Jesus Christ was born, is in the Czech Republic.
Despite the pandemic of the coronavirus, scouts did not go to Vienna this year either, they picked him up from his Austrian colleagues at the border crossing Reintal-Břeclav in the morning.
On the edge, they were taking it for a long time.
The Bethlehem light is a beautiful Christmas tradition that we participate in annually, and I look forward to it so much.
It's an honor for me to have been chosen, said scout Amálie Budíková to the present journalists.
While the handover took place at the border crossing Mikulov-Drasenhofen, directly on the border bridge, now it takes place at the Reintal-Břeclav border crossing on the parking lot.
Usually, he travels by train to Vienna.
Nothing changes on the delivery of the plaminka in the Czech Republic.
The scouts traditionally set off to Brno by train, where they will hand over the Bethlehem Star to Bishop Vojtěch Cikrl, the local bishop.
On the following day, Saturday, December 18th, scout guides will take care of the transport of light. They will travel on selected high-speed trains and personal trains.
They will take the light from the stations of the local scouts or volunteers, who will then spread the flame throughout the Czech Republic, even to places where the railways do not go.
This summer, scouts must comply with valid measures to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
It's going on just like before.
We recommend to courier teams and organizers of local events to wear masks, of course, and to try to maintain social distancing, there should be as few of them as possible, not to sing with colleagues, just to behave in such a way that it is the safest, said Zuzana Hrbková, spokesperson for the Betlémské světlo (Bethlehem Light) action.
The tradition of the Bethlehem light, which travels through Europe, was born in 1986 in Austria.
The goal is to spread the idea of peace, friendship, and tranquility at the same time as the flame of the candle.
The Bethlehem light is a symbol of hope for believers, a light that overcomes darkness.
In the Czech Republic, scouts and scout girls have been working on his spread for more than 30 years.
The action stands on the shoulders of volunteers, the flame is also a symbol of uselessness and human solidarity.
All current news, including a list of places where people can come for a candle, can be found on the website [www.betlemskesvetlo.cz](http://www.betlemskesvetlo.cz).
I don't have economic education, so I don't know the foundations of economics, but I don't think that subsidies as a whole would be a problem.
The development of infrastructure, ecology (e.g. water retention), healthcare, and education should properly use these funds, except for why these funds are being given to agriculture, industry, and companies in general.
How is it mentioned - it produces unnecessary products and this negatively affects the free market and the "natural life of the company".
I work in a factory where there are a million turnstiles with the inscription "XY financed/co-financed by project XY," and such a company is simply kept alive artificially.
This is not support for a company that gives work to x people, this is hindering the development of the company, as this company is holding on and squeezing out orders/employees to other companies, which would be able to grow and become more productive after its demise.
Utter agreement, it's terrible.
Sometimes a person who was born in the internet age falls for some trick or trap - especially an advertisement.
I think internet ads don't bother me, but then I realize that they have influenced me - it's just so ubiquitous that people can't help but be affected by it.
For this reason, I will support radical voices in the European Parliament that currently want to give an absolute ban on programmatic advertising...
This is all nonsense, words of a classic - I would ban the internet.
I have a feeling that this virus has its roots in (but mainly in point 1):
"I won't believe something that most people believe and gives it meaning, I'm not a sheep, but I would rather believe something that is less likely, it doesn't give much meaning, but it's important that I have my own original opinion on which I will assert that it is critical thinking."
"I won't believe everything the media says."
"I don't trust politicians."
Television is following the trend of Christmas movies, this year they will have over 200 premieres.
Los Angeles – TV stations and streaming platforms in the United States and other English-speaking countries have fallen into the trend of Christmas movies and this year they will premiere a record more than two hundred to their viewers.
The operator of the film database IMDb has calculated it.
The genre of family and romantic films in recent years has been successful with the public and significantly increases viewing, so these films are being produced more and more.
This year, four times more Christmas films were shot than in 2011 and twice as many as in the five years before that.
The IMDb database, however, only included films with the word "Christmas" (Christmas) in their title, so there will be many more festive films than the actual number.
Movies that people traditionally associate with Christmas have always existed.
In the Czech Republic, fairy tales are associated with this period, and globally popular films such as "Home Alone," "Heavenly Love," or the classic Christmas story "Life is Beautiful" from 1946.
The real boom of Christmas movies actually started in 2009, when an American cable television station, Hallmark, introduced a special film series, as reported by the BBC.
Her Advent project called Countdown to Christmas (Odpočítávání do Vánoc) at that time included four films and was very successful.
This station started to delight its visitors with Christmas decorations as early as October 22nd and will present a total of 42 Christmas pictures.
The competing station Lifetime has 35 new films with a Christmas theme on the program this year, and popular streaming platforms such as Netflix also contribute to the total.
According to Brandon Gray, author of the book "I'll Be Home for Christmas Movies" (On Christmas Movies I'll Be Home), it doesn't matter much in this magical period of the story, what's important is that there are plenty of Christmas trees in the background and it snows.
"For the kids, it's a form of escapism and a way to at least feel a little bit of calm amidst the craziness of the holiday season and the craziness of the world we've been living in the last few years," Gray added.
According to him, for example, Hallmark TV uses the same recipe for its movies, which is indeed uniform, but successful.
You have two people who fall in love with each other, but then there will be about half an hour before the end of some misunderstanding, which will be resolved, and the two will kiss.
So that's pretty much it, and as long as all the movies look similar and have a similar atmosphere, people will follow one after the other, completes Gray.
Mazepin had a positive text on COVID-19, he will not participate in the final F1 race.
Only 18 drivers will start the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in Formula 1.
Nikita Mazepin had a positive text on COVID-19 and will not participate in the last race of the season.
The Haas stable sends only one formula on the track.
In the last race of the season, he was aiming for a better placing from 20th place, which he had taken in qualifying.
Nikita Mazepin from the Haas stable will not participate in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
He was positively tested for COVID-19.
Only 19 cars will be on the starting grid, with Mazepin's teammate Mick Schumacher starting from the last position and Max Verstappen starting from the first position, where he will face Lewis Hamilton in a direct battle for the title.
According to the statement of the Haas stable, Mazepin is in relatively good condition and does not show any signs of illness.
Nikita is physically in order because he was asymptomatic.
"Now they are in isolation and will be guided by the instructions of the relevant public health authorities. Safety will be the final priority for all parties involved," said their representatives for formula1.com.
Haas has not sent a replacement driver to the race, and cannot do so.
The substitute player would therefore have to undergo a qualification or ride in another part of the weekend.
The first athlete is not affected by COVID-19.
At the start of the season that is just ending, Kimi Räikkönen had COVID-19, and both Sergio Pérez and Lewis Hamilton were positively tested.
They can close you up for that.
Everyone will be stolen, the boss said.
From the perspective of the law, COVID-19 is on the list of infectious diseases.
So in the same group as HIV, tuberculosis, cholera, or typhus.
§ 158 Protection of health during military service
(1) Whoever intentionally causes or increases the danger of infection or spread of a contagious disease among people will be punished by deprivation of liberty for up to six months to three years, disqualification from activity, or confiscation of property.
(2) The perpetrator will be punished with imprisonment for two to eight years.
c) if he violates such an obligation arising from his employment, profession, position or function, or imposed on him under the law, or
d) causing such an act to result in serious harm to health.
(3) The perpetrator will be punished by imprisonment for three to ten years if the act committed in accordance with paragraph 1 causes serious injury to the health of at least two persons or results in death.
(4) The perpetrator will be punished with imprisonment for a term of five to twelve years if the act committed in accordance with paragraph 1 results in the death of at least two persons.
Quiz: Why do crashing companies often have women in charge and what should never be included in your leadership style?
The gender pay gap, i.e. the difference in earnings between men and women, is one of the highest in the EU in the Czech Republic over the long term.
In which country are the differences the biggest?
In which age category and in which field do women earn less than men?
Test yourself, how much you know about unequal reward.
Gold, silver, and 150 diamonds: The price of the most expensive jewel will amaze you!
It's a bit like portable jewelry-making and the creator put half a year's work and all his savings into it.
"I had a vision of what I wanted to create, but little experience, at home we never wore suits," admits Liban, who during the past six months has spent 3,000 hours working on his project.
He bought silk in Italy, 24-carat gold threads in France, and 2000 Swarovski crystals were delivered by the company.
The silver stars were adorned with 150 diamonds.
"The basic fabric is wool and cotton, but silk adds softness to the world," praises the creator of his work, which he however does not recommend washing.
Oh, there's still one more loop.
"I am completely on the blink, I must sell my sweater as quickly as possible," admits Liban.
If it succeeds, it will create a world record.
The most expensive sweater sold up to five years ago cost "only" 720,000 korun.
If MZ is disconnected from reality or doesn't care much - let yourself fly with a bad circle and replace it with a new one.
The fact is that Facebook's departure from Europe would greatly help its non-Russian part (which is under the influence of fog).
I think that would be quite enough to cleanse the social climate.
Perhaps it would be better to clarify the channels of "Soviet brotherly help" to some of our political parties and representatives.
People who claim to have preferences should also have them clearly defined, about what their true interests actually are.
I'm sorry, I don't own TikTok.
A lot of growing people would suddenly discover that the sun shines outside...
Trump directly encouraged the mistreatment of suspects, reaping what he sowed.
About the situation in the USA with a prominent African American reporter.
New cases of police violence have emerged in the United States, this time during nationwide protests.
The demonstrations that erupted after the African American George Floyd was killed by a police officer during an arrest opened up a debate about systemic racism, the work of the police, and cases of brutality against American minorities.
Lenka Kabrhelová is speaking with one of the leading African American journalists, The Atlantic reporter Adam Serwer.
But how would you increase the financing?
The union is giving us money in bonuses.
If it stops doing it, we will stop having these penises.
I really don't see how that would stop us from using the money for something else...
You can claim that the money from those grants could be used better, but that is a completely different discussion.
Is it really possible for a restaurant not to pay taxes?
Is it really possible for a restaurant to evade taxes?
"Whenever some piece of meat goes through a veterinary inspection, it must be somewhere registered and cannot just be lost, can it?"
It is likely that Prazdroj and Jelínek do not produce a special alcohol for the black market.
But I still get charged sometimes even when I don't use the service or they take it away and throw it away.
The government has approved the sending of up to 150 soldiers to help Poland.
Male pilots, researchers, and drone operators could deploy even before Christmas, the mission is approved for six months.
They will help their Polish colleagues with the protection of the border with Belarus and the construction of the planned fence.
The Polish government officially asked for help from NATO states, in connection with several months of actions by the Belarusian regime, which invites its citizens from the countries of the Middle East with a false promise of an easy crossing of the EU border.
British and Estonian soldiers are already operating on Polish territory.
Is the mutation of Omikron spreading in the south of Moravia?
The hygiene is investigating another case of a child from Adam's.
"Currently, we have reported another suspicion of this variant in another child from Adam's, from the preparatory class."
"Direct contact with previous cases from ZŠ Adamov is not proven," said Ciupek.
In the past week, six cases have been reported in the region.
"We are still waiting for the official confirmation of the variant in our six cases - it is being carried out by the National Reference Laboratory for Influenza and Respiratory Viruses of the State Health Institute in Prague," said the director.
She completed that it's two healthcare sisters from one workplace, Faculty Hospital in Brno, and two children of one of them, as well as two eleven-year-old students from ZŠ Adamov.
There is no connection between cases in Brno and Adam's.
Three of them have mild symptoms according to the director, four have an uncomplicated course.
No one with suspicion of Omikron traveled abroad.
None of the mentioned individuals traveled abroad, nor did anyone from their families, nor did they have any contact with anyone who lived abroad.
There is no connection to the water polo championship for any of the mentioned individuals, stated Ciupek.
The main hygienist Pavel Svrčinová previously announced that she was investigating an international water polo tournament that was held in Brno a few weeks ago.
There were also players from South Africa and one Belgian player became ill after returning.
California will limit the sale of firearms.
He wants to proceed as Texas when abortion is prohibited.
California Governor Gavin Newsom announced on Saturday a plan to introduce a ban on the sale and manufacture of certain firearms in the most populous US state using a legal mechanism similar to the one used in Texas' controversial abortion law.
People should have the right to compensation when suing anyone who manufactures or sells assault weapons and homemade firearms in California.
The announcement of Newsom's decision reacted to the Friday position of the US Supreme Court, which left the Texas ban on abortions in force, although it goes against almost 50 years of precedential decision that established the right to abortion generally in the US up to about 24 weeks of pregnancy.
However, the court now does not decide on the constitutionality of the entire law, but on a technical issue that arises from the innovative construction of the measure.
The enforcement of the ban was transferred to the public in this case, thereby allowing Texas Republicans to prevent its attack through the usual judicial route.
"I am disappointed by yesterday's (Thursday's) decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, which allowed the Texas ban on most abortion services to remain in place and to a large extent supported the maneuver of Texas with the aim of protecting its law," said the governor of California.
"If states can now block the review of their laws by federal courts, then California will use this power to protect human lives," Newsom continues.
His subordinates were supposed to work together with the state parliament and the justice minister to find a solution that would allow the public representative to enforce the ban on assault rifles and so-called ghost weapons.
These are weapons that are improperly manufactured and do not have serial numbers, and they can be used to circumvent regulations.
Newsom wants to give "private individuals" the right to demand compensation of at least 10,000 US dollars (approximately 220,000 CZK) and legal fees from anyone who manufactures, distributes, or sells assault rifles, parts of "ghost guns," or kits for their production in California.
"If the most effective way to keep these terrible weapons out of our streets is to create a threat of private lawsuits, then we should do exactly that," said the governor of California.
The Czech National Security Authority points out that California has banned the production and sale of certain military-style weapons for a decade, but a federal judge there blocked the ban as unconstitutional in June.
If the state were to now actually restore the death penalty using the Texas model, the words of liberal Supreme Court member Sonia Sotomayor, who in a dissenting opinion warned against expanding the same legal mechanism to other American states, would be confirmed.
However, the highest court did not grant Texas complete immunity from judicial review and allowed abortion clinics to continue their lawsuits against selected officials in the southern US state.
Each emergency vaccination has its public testing phase, where step by step, we come to how the vaccination scheme will look like and also there is an improvement of the vaccines based on the results.
Maybe from Israel there is already a large study on the effects of 4 doses.
According to these studies, a five-fold increase in antibodies occurs in most patients, which already has the mentioned long-term effect.
Just like any other vaccination, it will have its own vaccination schedule, but it's too early to say at the moment.
Another fact is that a new vaccine is expected to come to the market soon, based on an inactivated virus, which according to the manufacturer's specifications promises up to 10 times higher efficacy.
Leave the amount of teaching to be determined.
But to rethink CO is to learn.
From the time of Maria Theresa, our civilization and technology have advanced somewhat, and the learning of phone directories and writing textbooks into notebooks no longer makes much sense and it is a fact of wasted time.
In these things, it would be factually brutal to cut.
How many people will leave the base with some basic financial literacy?
What other things will be necessary for life?
How can I legally watch the Champions League online?
Do you know if there is any online service in the Czech Republic that would allow me to watch the Champions League for a fee?
We have a Netbox at home and I pay for a sports package called Telly for the Spanish and English football league.
But this does not include the UEFA Champions League.
I think O2 offers the Champions League, but I don't want to change my TV and internet provider.
Poland threatened to stop payments to the EU budget
According to Ziobra, the European Commission acted in violation of the law if it used new powers and because of the dispute over legal state, it stopped paying money to Poland.
The committee has already postponed the approval of the Polish plan for drawing 36 billion euros from the EU recovery fund to support economies affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
There is pressure from the European Parliament to move forward and use the mechanism that allows for the withholding of EU funds from countries that violate the principles of the rule of law.
"Poland should respond to this blackmail from the EU by vetoing all issues that require unanimity," said Ziobro, head of the small party Solidarity Poland, without whose votes the current government would lack a majority in the Sejm.
"Poland should also consider its obligations in European energy and climate policy, which lead to a sharp increase in energy prices," Ziobro added.
If the dispute continues, I will ask Poland to stop its contributions to the EU.
It would have been reasonable given that the EU is unjustly denying us funds from the common budget, to which we also contribute, added the Polish minister.
His party's approach to the EU is more radical than the ruling party's Právo and spravedlnost.
According to the European Commission, the changes that have taken place in the Polish justice system under Ziobro's tenure pose a threat to its independence and subordinate it to politics.
According to Ziobra, Brussels is setting "impossible conditions" because its goal is not a legal state, but rather the change of government in Poland.
Warsaw is facing a "political dictatorship being enforced through intimidation and an attempt to undermine the democratic decisions of several million Poles," said Ziobro.
He stated that Poland should be a member of such an EU, which is based on partnership between sovereign states, and not on the government of the strongest and Brussels bureaucracy, which is not under democratic control.
He said that his party will never agree to such concessions to Brussels, whose consequences would be to limit Poland's sovereignty.
"We will never agree to the fact that Poland has the status of a colony," he declared.
But to confess... We have one type of cheese in Lidl on four different places.
I've been nibbling on other things, I've had yogurt a few more times than I needed, I just needed cheese, parmesan, after ten minutes at the milk bar I gave up and asked.
They had him, it's true, in that narrow sector were all the selected, less common and special syrups, but it was between the vegetables and the lactose-free zone...
If there's a sale, I won't even smell it, let alone go to the market, action-inaction, golden store on the square, there they don't have such a choice, but they usually have everything I need, and it has a certain order, so I have it ready in ten minutes.
To the People, I am taking a vacation.
It's all the same to me.
For two years, I have been watching how they handle data here like manure, and most opponents of vaccination are only a little bit outside the mainstream than most supporters of vaccination.
Although rational discussions are taking place at an expert level, extreme opinions are only entering the public sphere.
Constantly from wall to wall.
Binary thinking: vaccination saves us, vaccination is useless.
Ban everything, allow everything.
Colorful cakes instead of robust analyses.
Comparing apples with pears.
This state has that and we have that too.
But that the method of data collection is in those two states different, no one solves it.
Oh, so I've relieved myself.
Sorry for the interruption and I hope you have a nice day.
I was punished for swearing in my childhood.
It was never about the stamps, it was mostly that I repeatedly refused to listen and got angry (read instead of going to sleep, washed the dishes, etc.).
I was never punished without warning, my mother always threatened that if I did it again, I would get a spanking (sometimes even after another "načapání" of the pot, she would just bring it and set it down so I could see it).
Only after repeatedly refusing to listen, did I receive a few slaps on the butt (through my clothes).
Personally, I think that physical punishment (in a reasonable manner and degree) is beneficial because children react to it much more than to words.
For me, the most important part is the one with the warning, because it gives the child in its own way the opportunity to decide whether to listen and get something, or to improve and avoid punishment.
For me, it usually only took a warning to start listening.
System defense
When the important Czech lawyer and constitutional judge Vojtěch Cepl responded to a journalist's question in 1999 about what the Czech constitution means to him - whether it is a sacred list of which one swears and about which one learns in school, or rather an agreement that can be changed in case of need - he definitely leaned towards the first interpretation.
Once we agreed in the institute on democratic rules of our life, which at the same time define who we are as a state and its citizens, and how to better manage changes.
Imagine: some nations have their own rules even happily.
Just as Czechs enjoy knedlíky with roast pork and sauerkraut, Vojtěch Cepl recently posed a question.
However, among lawyers, the opinion is increasingly emerging that the Constitution of the Czech Republic needs changes.
The year is being tested by situations that its creators (including Vojtěch Cepl) could not have predicted, such as the direct election of the president.
But in one thing, Cepl was right.
Everything we know about such documents shows that political interventions in their texts must be carefully considered.
It is necessary to understand and actively defend the institution, only then can it be the key to coping with most of the crises that societies across history have encountered.
The Constitution is another form of government, consisting of individual rules that establish the guidelines for politicians' games.
We are afraid that power will be abused against minorities or individuals, so we tie our policies to prohibitions.
However, the constitutional texts also allow politicians to exercise power.
COVID doesn't discriminate, in FN Brno, several months old baby is fighting for life.
Although it is known that the coronavirus can be milder in children, severe cases are still being reported, mainly in recent times.
"We know that children are more vulnerable and affected less than adults, with 2 to 5 percent compared to adults," said Petr Dominik, the head of the Department of Pediatric Anesthesiology and Resuscitation at the University Hospital Brno and the Faculty of Medicine of Masaryk University to Novinky.cz.
The course of the disease is often much simpler, lighter, and may occur without any symptoms.
"They are child patients who are severely ill with the coronavirus, especially in the last period," Dominik added.
According to the doctor, there are dozens of children who need mild supportive care.
It takes place in a children's infectious disease clinic.
Very seriously ill children with coronavirus are now in the last days on ARU.
Children with post-Covid syndromes were continuously admitted to the department according to the doctor's instructions throughout the entire year.
"Now the increase in children with acute COVID-19 pneumonia, which means they have a lung inflammation that requires hospitalization on a respiratory bed," he said, adding that this disease affects not only adults but also adolescents and even several-month-old infants."
Children in hospitals are also in a serious condition due to the coronavirus.
"At present, we have children of several months and adolescent age in our hospital," said the chief physician.
However, I am happy that in the children's hospital FN Brno, so far, they have not recorded any child deaths related to the coronavirus.
According to available data, there were six child deaths in the Czech Republic on December 6th in the age group of 0 to 14 years.
According to Dominik, in the children's hospital - not only on the coronavirus ward - psychological counseling is an integral part of cooperation.
At the same time, it also warns about the fact that vaccination, like in adults, also reduces the severity of the disease and at the same time reduces the incidence of post-COVID syndrome in children.
"Therefore, we recommend the use of the vaccination record for children as well," the doctor added.
In the calm zone, you can only walk on marked paths.
But your peaceful zones are not that big.
They can be seen on the tourist map on mapy.cz.
Generally, in national parks outside the quiet zone, you can walk anywhere (but don't cross the plot into the meadow).
It is not allowed to ski or ride a bike in the forest outside marked trails without a permission (but of course it is not monitored so much outside national parks).
How does a conductor train?
Music is playing in my head, laughing Joseph Kurfiřt.
He is a wild boar from Liberec and originally played the role of a forest horn.
As a singer, he can sing almost the entire repertoire, and as a conductor, he not only works in the Liberec F. Šaldy Theater, but also in Plzeň, in the Tyl Theater.
Collaborates with the Hradec Králové Philharmonic, the Film Philharmonic, or the Podkrkonošské Symphony Orchestra.
China is building the image of being able to handle the disease and that the authoritarian regime is facing the crisis better.
Sinologist Jiříůš: China is building the impression of being able to handle the disease and that the authoritarian regime is facing the crisis better.
China has launched a health and political offensive.
A few months ago, Beijing rejected criticism for not being able to stop the spread of the virus that turned into a global pandemic.
Now the country is reporting a zero increase in the number of infected.
States including the Czech Republic compete for Chinese protective equipment and Chinese doctors often help in the fight against the coronavirus, for example in the worst-hit Italy.
How to interpret the willingness of Beijing?
Is it a friendly support or is the communist regime trying to improve its image in the world?
A friend greets another friend and says: "Hey, I don't want to eat pork?"
I have him and he is fantastic.
The wife is happy because she saves grass, the car washes itself with a hose, and the children play with him.
Just a parade.
Would you like to buy a sloth for 5000,- CZK?
Buddy: Sure, I'll take care of it, it'll be a pleasure...
After a while, they meet and the one who bought it complains: "You, who sold this for a sloth?????"
The grass is swaying, everywhere there is a huge noise, the car is shaking, the children are fighting, and the wife wants to get a divorce.
The one who sold it said: you don't speak nicely about the pig, so you won't sell it.
World events are controlled by superpowers.
Although the principle of equality of sovereign states exists, it is precisely the great powers that determine the course of international events.
Europe can become a great power only if it works on its integration.
It currently operates at the level of economic and political (in selected issues), but military integration is still missing.
Personally, I think that Europe is moving towards federalization.
It won't be for 10, 15 or 20 years.
But it will be necessary in the middle of the century and it will lead to that.
Yeah, it hit me and it is possible.
I am not an expert in Czech, so I may be a lexicographer.
I am assuming that an ellipse usually includes 2 different units on the same level.
I will provide an example from another comment "Spanish orange and mandarin", where it is clear that both are from Spain, whereas in "Spanish fruit and mandarin" the mandarin is not clear whether it is from Spain.
I also base it on the fact that the sentence "all American forces" includes their weapons and that I know that American complexes are operated only by Americans.
In other words, I expect that this is already included in the broader term and there is no need to further specify it for American forces.
Haha, just kidding around :D
Whether it is so, or not, it is an absurd request.
An earthquake with a magnitude of five on the Richter scale was recorded in Tokyo.
An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.0 occurred in the Japanese metropolis of Tokyo and the surrounding areas on Sunday.
Witnesses reported that buildings in the capital were shaking, but no damage has been reported so far.
The Czech National Cyber and Information Security Agency (NCISA) has not issued any warnings about the wave, according to Reuters.
Vicki Holland from Britain tortured opossum Milly.
Terrifying footage shows the moment an agitated gorilla crouched in a toilet, before her heartless owner flushed her away and laughed at her.
The Dutch rabbit also ate carrots, kebabs, and hamburgers, without regard to its actual nutritional needs.
The Magistrates' Court in Gwent has now banned the keeping of animals for life, according to the newspaper The Sun.
Experts in primate rehabilitation who are trying to help Milly after her abuse, have declared that they have never seen a more terrified kosmonaut.
Milly spent almost two years rehabilitating at Monkey World in Dorset, and now she is happily playing with another rescued monkey named Moon.
A four-time mother admitted to two charges of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal.
In the Magistrates' Court in Gwent, she was given a twelve-week prison sentence, suspended for one year, with conditions.
The court also sentenced Holland to 120 hours of unpaid work, a lifetime ban on keeping animals, and she must pay a total of 12,000 crowns in court costs.
Steph Sawyer, the leader of the Small Monkeys team, which rehabilitated the tyrant animal, said: "Milly is in good condition, but the rehabilitation will continue."
It took Milly some time to get used to people again.
She crept and hid herself before every person she met, and any loud sound or sudden vibration made her cry out.
The opička refused to eat for a long time.
Now, when she has settled down and is satisfied with the male, she can still be panicked by a new person's gaze.
Psychological scars from abuse will persist forever, according to Sawyer.
The mistreatment of Milly was revealed after the police in Gwent found disturbing footage on a woman's phone during a raid of her apartment due to an accusation of drugs.
On the screen, one can hear Milly vulgarly swearing.
On the next video, you can hear Holland's opossum offering cocaine and saying, "Do you want cocaine?"
Cut my nails.
In May, together with her partner Russell Cox (43), she admitted to possessing cocaine with the intention of selling it.
Kinder Eggs containing 1600 liber (approximately 50,000 korun) of cocaine were found in her home.
Cox was subsequently imprisoned for 30 months and Holland received a conditional sentence of 20 months.
What amazing concepts will you learn from that ancient age, three times in a row, when you successfully leap over the entire 20th century?
Since you take the same things in the first grade as in the sixth grade?
The whole idea of bifurcation is that no one, with the exception of a few, is interested in whether they like or understand it.
The main thing is to write a test on 1 and then no one is interested.
Run and on the street, randomly ask people if they can handle a certain character of the roots of a quadratic equation and coefficients.
You have all passed through it, and the absolute majority has not even scratched and will tell you that they have absolutely nothing.
What does this curve teach us?
I am a big fan of general overview and the truth is that people don't want and don't have the need.
In that moment, it is unnecessary and you will never get it back.
Partially, it is learned for a large number of people who will need it in the future.
But as for the fact that you don't need anything at the station here, I thought it was completely serious... because you don't need anything at all.
We are slowly approaching the time when we won't know what a "punk" is.
(On what we probably share with our communist past is our resistance to intellectuals and elites, but the price of having barbarians at our machines is simply too high.)
If journalists could count, then the COVID-19 pandemic would probably never have reached such dimensions.
The wedding at first sight: The war between Kadri and Andrea continues!
"What is the main reason why Switzerland cannot leave Kadri right away?" Andrea answered to the inquisitive fans' questions on Instagram Stories, explaining why she decided to cut off all contact and even block him on social networks.
The conflict between Kadrim and Andreou has been ongoing since the beginning of the experiment.
The main problem was that Kadri lived and worked in Switzerland and his idea was that Andrea should move there at least until he returned to the Czech Republic permanently.
You definitely rejected it.
As it can be seen, their relationship did not only end in love, but rather grew into mutual disrespect or even hatred.
There was a planned attack on you! Kadri was delighted by the turn of events in response to Andreino's accusation of lying, gambling, and debt.
The supposed sincerity of Kadri's ex-wife is not liked even by his younger sister Linda.
You have decided to publicly support your brother.
I don't usually express myself on such matters and neither do we talk about such things in our family.
I don't want to definitely evoke any sadness.
But when I see someone who is trying to harm publicly and slander someone whom I love so much, I just can't take it!
I'm sorry that it has to be this way, but I would like to publicly thank my brother Kadrim for the fact that he made himself into a character and helped our family when we needed it the most, even though he was so young at the time.
I feel even more annoyed when I have to read such false information, which is probably completely detached from the context.
I would like to introduce Kadri to everyone as our close friend and family, standing in solidarity with the words of Andrea.
I am truly grateful for everything!
Of course people will believe what is written, but the most important thing is that we, his family, love and know the truth and understand how it really was, without a doubt.
A drunken thief climbed up the facade to the fifth floor.
You don't believe it, for what reason.
Cchao began his robbery spree at a parking lot in a residential district, where he tried to break into several cars.
According to available information, the total cost of one vehicle in the calculation is approximately 330 korun.
Nothing could be better than climbing up to the 5th floor and sliding into the apartment through the open window on a sunny day.
He stole two bananas.
On the screen of one security camera, we see an image of a person walking away from the scene of the crime, eating a banana.
When the owner of the apartment woke up in the morning, he discovered that the bananas were not there where they were supposed to be, and he called the police.
She then arrested us.
A man admitted that he drank something alcoholic on the day in question.
Given that he needed money, in his drunkenness he decided to rob.
The whole thing is currently under investigation.
A monkey climbed up the facade to the 5th floor, where he stole two bananas.
The pandemic law is time-limited and its effectiveness is tied to the state of emergency.
When it is abolished, the law will no longer be effective.
The law does indeed limit the scope of entrepreneurship.
Is that enough for you?
The right to assemble will be limited, but not abolished.
Over 60% of voters participated in the Saturday elections to the councils of four towns.
People in the villages of Komňa in the Uherskohradišťsko region, Lužice in Mostecku, Nová Ves in Liberec, and Rovná in Pelhřimovsko elected their new representatives on Saturday.
The number of representatives in these municipalities fell below the number set by law or the elected councils broke up.
Out of the total of 28 mandates, 99 candidates were running on Saturday.
The average age of newly elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest of them is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically concludes a relatively difficult but successful year.
Four new or repeated elections to municipal councils took place there, and especially highly watched elections to the Chamber of Deputies, announced the vice-chairwoman of the Czech Statistical Office, Eva Krumpová.
She reminded us that the COVID-19 pandemic made the elections more difficult in terms of equipment and personnel.
In the village of Komni on Uherskohradišťsku, the Saturday elections were won by the Association of Independent Candidates, which received 27.76% of the votes and two mandates in the seven-member town council.
The STAN candidate received 24.84% of the votes, which also means the gain of two mandates.
Two seats in the council were won by Občané pro Komňu, they received 18.52% of the voters' voice.
The former mayor of the village, Jan Křížková, who is a member of the Private Citizens party, has also returned to the council.
The Komňané – independent candidates reached one mandate in the town council.
75.48% of eligible voters came to the urns.
In the village of Rovná on the Pelhřimovsko region, the association Pro Rovnou won.
It received 50.5% of the votes, which means four mandates out of seven.
Two representatives from the Association of Independent Candidates 1 and one from the Association of Independent Candidates 2 have joined the municipal council.
Voter turnout was 93.62%.
The repeated elections in Lužice on Mostecku were won again by the Lužice and Svinčice Association led by Mayor Jindřich John.
It received 56.73% of the votes and, like in 2018, has four mandates in the seven-member council.
The second candidate for the Obec pro lid party received 43.27% of the voters' votes, and thus will have three representatives in the town council.
76.7% of voters came to the urns.
The independent candidates won the elections in Nová Ves in Liberec ahead of the ANO movement.
For the association of independent candidates, 59.88% of voters voted and they thus obtained four seats in the seven-member municipal council.
ANO received 40.12% of the votes and strengthened its position against regular elections in 2018, gaining one more mandate and having three.
The voter turnout was 42.9% of eligible voters.
The State Election Commission is discussing the results of the elections.
Then they will be published in the Collection of Laws.
What do you think would be a bigger problem?
Dead civilian or foreign politician?
I think you know all this stuff that people are writing here.
You're just playing the fool to have fun with someone.
If not, it's sad.
I don't believe that Christians are degenerates, nor do I hold such a view.
I must admit that I do like a lot of church buildings from an aesthetic point of view (which, ultimately, was the goal that they should look well).
I don't care who you believe in.
I am bothered by the fact that the church had so much power in the Middle Ages, how much money she collected, the suppression of science, etc.
I don't want to talk about all the wars, what they caused, for example, the thirty-year war.
Tl;dr: Believe in the mushroom cloud, but the state and the church don't have anything to do together.
A man fell headfirst from twelve meters.
The impact on concrete survived.
A man in Ostrava survived an incredible fall on Sunday night, according to reports from the regional health rescue service.
Workers at the regional emergency call center took over the call at half past nine on Saturday night with initial information about the fall of a man from a height.
Two crews from ZZS immediately left – a medical and healthcare crew.
After arriving at the place, doctors discovered that a twenty-seven-year-old man had fallen from a height of around twelve meters and landed on his head on the concrete!
Coal was mined in Vítkovice.
But not as we would like, and the firefighters went in.
At the moment of the arrival of the rescue teams, a man was in a coma with multiple injuries and in immediate danger of losing his life.
A medical professional intubated his airways, ensured artificial ventilation, and after further measures within pre-hospital emergency care, transported him to the trauma center of the Ostrava Health Service, informing the spokesperson of the Moravian-Silesian Region, Lukáš Humpl.
I have greater concerns than from the coronavirus itself, about inadequate reactions from the public and authorities.
The spread of the coronavirus in the Czech Republic means a call for politicians and officials, but in the first line of defense against the infection stand primarily doctors and healthcare personnel.
How serious is the situation from their point of view?
We ask military doctor David Rezáč.
Editor: Matěj Válek Rešerše: Tomáš Roček, zvukový mistr: David Kaiser, hudba: Martin Hůla
Legendary Nunes fell after seven years, Oliveira defended the belt.
MMA experienced a glorious evening full of exciting results.
At UFC 269, things happened.
Julianna Peňová, an outsider from the Czech Republic, managed to defeat the legendary fighter Amanda Nunes, who had not been defeated for seven years.
Charles Oliveira did not hesitate in the lightweight division, he performed excellent submissions against Dustin Poirier and defended the belt.
Kai Kara-France also achieved victory, quickly knocking out Cody Garbrandt with a technical KO in the first round.
Sean O'Malley also defeated his opponent.
A surprise, no one expected.
He brought a women's bantamweight fight between the famous Amanda Nunes and Julianna Peňová.
An American entered the mutual battle as a "dwarf" in the form of Nunes, who has not lost for seven years and has been sharpening her teeth for another triumph.
The beginning of the duel was also burdened with the spirit of paper promises.
Nunesová started the journey to victory very actively and even pushed her opponent with a kick, which sent her to the ground.
However, the pen was not deterred by this and tried to attack again using its pencil on the hand.
The second round was thrilling and very exciting for MMA fans.
Both fighters exchanged a lot of excellent punches and hard hooks.
The pen additionally hit Nunes and knocked her to the ground, where she began to writhe in pain.
She had to struggle and the attack receded.
The American girl caused a huge shock to everyone when she became the new champion.
The highlight of the Galavečer was the battle between Charles Oliveira and Dustin Poirier for the title in the lightweight division.
At first, it seemed to be going well for Poirier, but the cards gradually turned against him.
In the second half, Oliveira tried to be more active and attacked the opponent with a punch to the arm.
Although it didn't quite work out for him, he then created a lot of pressure, got his opponent on the ropes and knocked him out with a series of punches.
Thanks to the second round, he won.
In the third round, Oliveira demonstrated a rear naked choke, which Poirier initially resisted, but eventually had to tap out.
The Brazilian defended his title, while Poirier lost after two years.
In the next match, Sean O'Malley scored a dominant victory, delivering a hard right hook to Raulian Paiva in the first round.
He then defeated him with a series of precisely measured blows and recorded his fifteenth victory.
Kara-France was able to submit Cody Garbrandt.
In the spring, Nunes celebrated another triumph with her little daughter. Now, after seven years, she has lost.
Which knee, or which elbow?
It doesn't seem like anything complicated at first glance.
Most significant names in Czech express only one grammatical gender, and there is therefore no problem of determining whether they refer to a masculine, feminine, or neutral gender.
But there is also a relatively large group of substantive names where the gender is not established.
Such significant names fluctuate between two genders.
When inflecting, the consonants become double and in some cases they remain in an uninflected form.
For example, the words "svízel" or "kyčel" are of both male and female gender, in the first one they are declined according to the pattern "stroj", in the second one according to the pattern "píseň".
In another group of significant nouns, there are different forms even in the first singular number, for example: "line/lines", "pot/pots", or "carrot/carrots" (in the sense of food).
Both forms are spelled correctly, have the same meaning, and are therefore freely interchangeable.
Some expressions may vary regionally, for example "okurka" in Bohemia and "okurek" on Moravia, in this case the Moravian variant is unspoken, similarly there are other Czech-Moravian pairs of words: "příkop" and "příkopa", "kobliha" and "koblih" etc.
Some words that have penetrated into Czech from other languages were originally unaccented, but they gradually adopt Czech suffixes.
A typical example is the expression "image", which is of both male and female gender, or the word "buffet", which has remained in the middle gender and has masculine endings according to the model "castle".
Turkey has opened the way for migrants to Europe.
How does the situation look directly on the Greek borders?
Tension is growing on the Greek-Turkish border as an increasing number of migrants attempt to move further into Europe.
Thousands of people have started to leave for the southern border of the Schengen area after Turkey stopped protecting them.
European politicians promise Greece support, and the Czech government is also preparing humanitarian aid.
What really motivates refugees to embark on an uncertain journey?
How does the situation look directly on the spot?
For three months we haven't seen the blue sky and we've been suffocating, describes a journalist from Sydney.
Destructive fires, with which Australia has been dealing for the fourth month, have killed almost thirty people and hundreds of millions of animals and devastated millions of hectares of land.
How do the local authorities and inhabitants cope with the disaster?
Could the Morrison government have done more to prevent the drastic impacts that critics claim it has caused?
What measures will the country need to take in relation to climate change in the future?
Lenka Kabrhelová is talking to a journalist from Sydney, Ikou Detrichova.
False accusations have always been and are still quite rare.
Therefore, he writes about everything all the time.
For people, it is unpleasant to solve how sexual violence looks like in our society and how widespread it is, and they try to downplay it.
I don't know anyone personally who was falsely accused.
I know many people who have been raped, and I have experienced how their environment or even the police often behave towards them.
The victims should always be believed.
It seems that the victims are finally opening up about their traumas.
Not many people can afford to do that for themselves.
Yes, they will find those who falsely accuse others.
This is a disgusting and disrespectful attitude towards all victims of sexual violence, but by spreading the idea that "most of the accusations are false" and that it is "a trend" you are only helping sexual offenders.
The Czech Republic is flooded with unfinished buildings, families do not have the money to complete them.
The prices of building materials have increased by more than 30% in the last few weeks and months.
A number of people found themselves in an embarrassing situation due to this.
She doesn't have the means to complete the family homes she has started building and the banks are refusing to increase her mortgage.
The cost of materials is increasing, as is the cost of construction work.
People therefore do not have enough money to complete the construction of their family homes that have already been started.
In many cases, banks refuse to increase mortgage loans, which creates extremely unpleasant situations.
In the best case scenario, people move into newly built and unfinished houses.
"In a worst-case scenario, built homes become uninhabitable, and families are forced to sell them because they cannot afford to pay the mortgage and rent," says economist Štěpán Křeček of BHS.
For the next year, we plan to build two to three family homes, and so far, fifty percent of our projects have been successful.
For us as a construction company, it is difficult to comply with some things in the contract, even though the material has increased in price.
"So we're making it without a profit," said Zdeněk Slivoň, owner of a construction company.
A lot of people will only have financial problems.
If they calculated that the construction of the house would cost five million, now it will cost seven.
"I think some will be waiting," added Slivoň.
The material that most excited me was copper, iron, and also the installation and heating equipment.
Construction companies are also struggling with a shortage of labor.
In the Czech Republic, there is a shortage of graduates in construction fields, and the influx of foreign workers is slowing down the pandemic.
The situation regarding the issuance of building permits is more favorable in this case.
"Building authorities in October issued 7,675 building permits, which is almost 10% more than the previous year, according to Křeček."
We are doing well and will have more fun.
The true vision is missing, says a commentator on Czech Radio - mujRozhlas
The entry into the new year was traditionally accompanied by political manifestations.
This year, besides the prime minister and the ANO chairman Andrej Babiš, the president Miloš Zeman also delivered a Christmas message to the nation, as well as the chairman of the Senate and the chairman of the Chamber of Deputies.
What fundamental things have we learned?
It's great that I'm getting a diploma, I have my own topic, which I chose, and I'm starting on it right away. I always work on it throughout the year and then in a week or two, I write the written part.
State officials are completely at ease with us, unless a person is a total monkey and something is left in his head, then the commission will not unnecessarily suppress him on theory.
I had to study for the state exam and when I was in the final stages, the commission always tried to lead me to some logical deduction that I immediately understood and I had it right.
To other projects, I know people who pay someone to do their semester project for them (we did it a lot, it was really useful, a lot of learning) and then they just learn the project and have it done.
According to me, it's super when at the end of a subject there is an exam that reflects the knowledge gained during the project, not just defense.
Everything is okay, but I won't be sending emails or making phone calls, and I won't be sending any packages to the embassy.
You will be the same as they are.
People at the embassy may not have anything in common.
If they were against Russia, they would risk a lot, so they might have to play with them, otherwise, something could happen to them.
Sure, you can put a similar statue of Putin next to the statue of the little bear Pú.
You should give it to him so that he can lick Xi Jinping's ass or something.
I agree, and yet Instagram throws artists a curveball under the feet.
As soon as you stop consuming stories and at least every other day, a new image, your addiction decreases to the absolute minimum.
In addition, it changes what is more important for the function, whether it is the like, comment, or upload.
I'm really scared right now, so I might have to reduce my TikTok usage, as many artists from my industry are having a lot of success there and it's almost impossible to compete with that.
Finally, I would be happy if something user-friendly came along that didn't exhaust all of the creativity and energy of the artists.
Declaration of the Workers' Party on the Donbas
To the Union – yes, disintegration – no, they express their opposition to the disintegration of the USSR in the picture.
Thirty years after the illegal dissolution of the USSR.
On December 8, 1991, the largest geopolitical catastrophe in history occurred.
On December 8, 1991, in the Belovezhskaya Pushcha, Boris Yeltsin, Leonid Kravchuk, and Stanislav Shushkevich, without any legal powers and violating the results of the referendum on March 17, 1991, with an open and conciliatory attitude towards Mikhail S. Gorbachev, secretly, without regard for the people, signed an agreement that "The USSR as a subject of international law and as a geopolitical reality no longer exists."
They abolished a huge country with almost three million inhabitants by a single stroke of the pen.
The disintegration of the Soviet Union resulted in the displacement of tens of millions of ethnically Russian citizens abroad.
Since the beginning of the 1990s, the population of Russia has decreased by ten to eleven million.
We have already lost more people than in two world wars combined!
Previously, the same people who destroyed what had been built over the previous 70 years in the Belovezhsky Pralese, betrayed the socialist camp (created by the cost of millions of lives in the Second World War and the Great Patriotic War).
They consciously deindustrialized, slowed down agriculture, detached the 14 republics from the largest world power, which previously were economically united in a single mechanism.
If we want to look deeper, we see the impoverishment of the population, the breakdown of the economy, science, army, rise in crime, ethnic conflicts, war in Chechnya, all conflicts in the post-Soviet space, a series of orange revolutions, NATO expansion to the east, the war and breakup of Yugoslavia, the Arab spring, war in Syria - all of this is the result of geopolitical surrender, first of the socialist camp, and then of the Soviet Union.
There is such a term in political science as "vacuum power".
Everything that was promised and given in haste, quickly filled and conquered the NATO countries that accepted our geopolitical surrender.
The whole world is still shaken mainly due to events from the end of the 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s.
The price of a product sold in a supermarket with a high turnover may not directly correspond to its quality and quality.
We have some meat in the supermarket that costs 189 Kč / kg.
I will buy it with the condition that you give it to me on Tuesday and make it into a Thursday dinner.
In an alternative reality where I don't buy this meat on Wednesday, its price in the network reduces to 99 Kč / kg - explain to me the mechanism by which this meat becomes an advantage for my digestive system?
Or should I wait until Thursday and have the meat reduced to 69 Kč/kg, which would make it different from the meat I bought for 120 Kč/kg and left it in the freezer for 3 days?
I will answer myself - nothing.
These people believe that when something is cheap, it must be guaranteed to be of poor quality, worn out, or unreliable. I'm telling you the truth ;-)
I recently went to Brno to Hlavas and in the basement, a lady was distributing some brochures. I always take something like this with me, so I can help the volunteers and get rid of it.
No, the brochure was full of rural understanding and conservative views on the functioning of the world, but nowhere did it mention God, I was confused, but I suspected that it would be some kind of agitprop.
After finishing, I found out who was publishing it and eventually, it turned into Scientology.
No, like a good matroš, full of completely unnecessary tips, as I am mýt and not be pičus.
It would be a shame to cut down forests for paper, as there are alternatives.
I have experienced something similar with my former girlfriend.
Psychological manipulation and emotional blackmail will make a person comply with your wishes even though they may not realize how much they are in the power of that situation.
A few times, she threatened me that I would suffer because I was going out with a cameraman that she didn't like.
But then, when I wanted to leave her apartment earlier, she spread her legs and begged me not to go anywhere.
Then she started physically blocking the doors.
This was a great relationship for about a year and a half, but then it started to go downhill.
Then I ended the relationship with her because I told her that we were breaking up and I hit her because I couldn't talk about it the next week to calm her down and prevent her from getting upset.
Such a person draws out your city, emotions, and overall happiness.
I prefer to keep a distance.
When insurance companies fiercely compete by purchasing fog tests and hunting for positive cases, who would have known about the terrible disease without the test?
The only thing we achieve is complications for companies, drivers, and others, because their employees in the random number generator got five days of home detention.
On the west, they have already stopped and recognized that it is not worth solving a disease weaker than the famous flu.
Unfortunately, Válek is new and still needs to grow and feed his ego by inventing buzzwords.
I'm looking forward to the return of the old reliable shmejd.
After a few years of dormancy and suppression of this illegal business, MLM recruiting is again on the rise.
I was one of the recruits, I tried it (I was 20, the top student at university), initial promises of training in products and sales skills quickly turned into "you don't need to worry about that, just sell people."
I was really interested in the products I offer, because I wanted to help people, but the training was more on how to scare and intimidate people.
When the first earned money came in, people quickly realized that if they wanted to earn more, they had to produce a few certain products every month.
Investment insurance and mortgages were the only profitable ventures, so people felt like they were just peddling pots and pans.
But what can I say, the experience was valuable, the person learned that he cannot jump on every opportunity and needs to carefully verify information.
I would put all the puzzle pieces into one box.
There are people in this business who are successful and even beneficial to people, but they certainly will not be praised for expensive consumer goods or "thick" accounts.
In the corporation where I work, I have done a lot of such things.
HR is in peace, managers look at their management and do not interfere in anything.
So, regular evaluation does indeed take place, in the form in which it happens with us, it's really happening (set some goals for the next year, at the end of the year we look at what came out and what didn't) - it's more self-assessment than someone evaluating you based on some numbers, and so on.
Company actions are also non-mandatory.
But we are a bit unique within our company - there are departments that are more "corporate".
Sometimes a person has the feeling that we are such a startup that squats in the offices of a large corporation no.
But it doesn't bother us too much, as long as the results are good.
A Czech woman who was reckless in Britain is dead.
Her body was found in London.
Almost ten days, the British police have been searching for a missing 32-year-old Czech woman who disappeared at the end of November.
On Sunday, December 12, Foreign Minister Jakub Kulháněk announced on social networks that they had found a woman dead in Uherský Hradiště.
The British police informed our representative office in London this afternoon that they found the body of a missing Czech woman.
The cause of death is being investigated.
We will not disclose more information about the case due to family considerations.
Kulhánek tweeted with unwavering determination.
A young woman was last seen on November 28th in a bus while on her way home from work. She had to pick up some money from an ATM before getting on the bus.
Her disappearance was announced by colleagues from work five days later.
After that, the London police started investigating, and Interpol included her among the missing persons worldwide.
It has also appeared in the Czech database of missing persons.
The police have already arrested one man in connection with this.
What role would he have played and from what he suspects, but did not reveal.
In four towns at the end of the year, the new councils distributed
On Saturday, December 11th, new councils were elected in the villages of Komňa in the Uherskohradišťsko region, Lužice in the Mostecko region, Nová Ves in the Liberecko region, and Rovná in the Pelhřimovsko region.
The number of representatives in these municipalities fell below the number set by law or the elected councils broke up.
In the new elections, 99 valid candidates were running for the 28 mandates.
Voter turnout reached 62.41%.
The highest interest was recorded in the village of Rovná, where 93.62% of eligible voters voted.
The mandate was won by a total of 8 women and 20 men.
The average age of elected representatives is 46.7 years.
The oldest is 69 years old, the youngest is 33 years old.
A total of 13 candidate lists were registered for the new elections to the councils of the four villages.
Out of the 28 representative positions, 36 women and 63 men applied.
The average age of candidates was 46.6 years.
The youngest candidate was 22 years old, the oldest was 72 years old.
The processing of the results of the Saturday elections for us symbolically concludes a relatively difficult but successful year.
Four new or repeated elections to municipal councils took place there, and especially highly watched elections to the Chamber of Deputies.
"We were mostly working in more demanding epidemic conditions, which put greater demands on equipment and personnel safety, evaluated Eva Krumpová, 1st deputy chairwoman of the Czech Statistical Office."
The last electoral district was processed on Sunday, December 12th at 3:49 am.
The State Election Commission will discuss the results of the vote and after approval, they will be published in the Collection of Laws.
This is the biggest problem I have with the entire pandemic.
I had to come to terms with the fact that we have a very dangerous contagious disease, and at the beginning of my illness, it took me some time to adjust, but it was manageable without any major complications.
I still have a problem with the fact that a large part of the population, at all its levels, behaves like idiots when it comes to this.
I am looking forward to getting vaccinated (tomorrow!) because I will finally be less dependent on the fact that other people are not talking.
He was stripped of his function as president and was able to regain his ability to perform it.
Chances are that it will really happen, but as others have mentioned, there are a lot of small ones.
I am also not sure whether the cartography of the spider's web could be considered a form of treachery.
The impeachment is such an act that the president of the republic threatens the sovereignty, territorial integrity, or democratic character of the state.
It must have been something more serious.
How the pandemic has affected intimate life: The number of people under 35 who have never had sex in their lives is increasing.
How many more young adults in the USA are living their lives without sex?
The article mainly deals with religiously based people, according to the website DailyMail.
A study showed that the share of people aged 35 and older who have given up on sexual life increased from 8% to 21% between 2008 and 2021.
Women between the ages of 18 and 35 who stated that they did not have sexual intercourse in the last year, are more than ever before.
The decline in the number of sexually active individuals is also influenced by other factors, according to a study by the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
Among them could be the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic and higher unemployment rates.
The contribution of media, social networks, or video games could also make sex a smaller and smaller priority for young people.
"Since 2010, the share of men and women aged 18 to 35 who report not having sex in the previous year has been rapidly increasing," said researcher Lyman Stone of the Institute for Family Studies (IFS).
Among people in marriage, sexual activity is more frequent. Only 5% of them reported that they have been without sex for the past year.
Among free people, it was 29%. Stone added that marriage under the age of 35 is only a small percentage.
To the cost of sexual activity also contributes fear of premarital contact and religious upbringing.
Although there is a higher likelihood that married couples will be sexually active, the percentage of younger married and cohabiting women aged 35 and over is still decreasing.
Young people's view on premarital sex is divided, about 30% consider it a bad thing, while about 70% think it is acceptable.
"It is true that among free individuals in this age group, there is a minority, but their behavior is pushing this trend," Stone says about these thirty percent.
For most people who have a moral problem with premarital sex, the reason is religious.
Since 2008, among people aged 35 or younger who attend religious meetings more than once a month, the proportion of abstinence has increased from 20 to almost 60%.
"The trend among 'less believing' people has risen from 10 to 20 percent," Stone declared.
Factors contributing to the decline in sexual activity include less social interaction and mainly social drinking during the pandemic.
The study also showed that the likelihood of sex is lower among people without work or with lower incomes.
Another reason may be the expansion of digital media, which apparently reduces the need for sex.
People spend more time online, which they use to fulfill this need.
This trend mainly emerged during the lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The whole issue of mandatory vaccination against COVID-19 is about whether society should force a part of the population to engage in behavior that they do not want to, but which could save their lives.
It is a relatively heavy question, on which I personally am most interested in the question of social conscience.
For example, the question of whether if we don't manage it and they die, it will be our fault.
My argument is that we could certainly have saved the life of an 80-year-old man who didn't really know much about it, we didn't explain it well to him, he heard some disinformation, and as a result, he didn't get vaccinated and eventually died from it.
I don't think we can blame the death of a vaccine opponent on the other side. The SPD and KSČ are both promoting something about persecution and totalitarian state here.
From the statistics I mentioned, it can be clearly inferred that the majority of unvaccinated elderly people probably belong to the second group, so they will have to pay for it themselves.
Czech Republic without snow.
How can mild winter be signed up for the fight against drought?
This year's winter in the Czech Republic has so far brought one of the smallest snowfalls in recent times.
Operators of ski resorts cannot do without technical snow, weather complicates even the preparation of the Jizera 50 race.
Is it a trend or an exception?
What does it mean for the fight against drought in the Czech Republic when there is not enough snow?
I have one story, but it doesn't involve a pancake.
Once upon a time, our teacher took us on a trip across the whole city to the shipyard, so we could sail on the boats on the river.
We were once walking down such a really wide street, and we didn't see anyone in the middle - it was a group of Hare Krishna devotees.
Of course, we were hit.
I have escaped, but with one friend we got into a fight.
When she left, we asked her and the teacher what she had said to them.
"They asked me if I wanted to save my soul."
"I told them I don't have a soul," she replied.
All of us, including the teacher, smelled the whole way until we got to the shipyard.
We are terribly confused.
"It doesn't take much, but the system is already collapsing, says Orozovic."
New German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrived in Warsaw on Sunday after visiting Paris and Brussels. He was welcomed by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki with military honors.
"We are opening a new chapter in our mutual relations," Morawiecki said at a joint press conference after the talks.
Scholz emphasized that Europe must show together that it will not accept the violation of Ukraine's territorial integrity.
The crisis, caused by unsettling movements of Russian troops at the Ukrainian border, is according to the chancellor to be resolved by using diplomatic means, and this also within the framework of the "Normandy group", which brings together France, Germany, Russia and Ukraine.
Morawiecki announced that he informed the Chancellor about the situation on the Polish border with Belarus, whose leader Alexander Lukashenko deliberately created a migration crisis and uses people as live ammunition and a weapon, because every night we register hundreds of attempts to (illegal) cross the border.
He was negotiating with the chancellor about further sanctions to make it clear to Lukašenko's regime and its patrons in the Kremlin that we are determined to defend the eastern border of the EU.
According to the DPA agency, Scholz confirmed that Warsaw enjoys German support in its dispute with Belarus, and condemned the inhumane treatment of opposition activists by Lukashenko's regime.
A drunken Polish nun caused an accident, tried to cover it up.
The car returned to the scene of the accident after a short while, but the vehicle was already being driven by another nun who was trying to take the blame for herself.
When police officers told her that she could still get a driving license even if she didn't show up for the test and drove away from the accident scene, she went public with the truth, according to TVN24 news station.
She admitted that she had collided with another nun who asked her for help.
The police then came to see Celestina.
They subjected her to a breathalyzer test and after discovering that she had over two millimeters of alcohol in her blood, they immediately revoked her driver's license.
They announced at the same time that she would confess to her actions in court.
Hugo the dog does what he can.
Juraj Šajmovič didn't show his film.
Czech filmmakers looked at American stories about dog adoptions.
But they forgot about an important thing: the laws of the film craft.
After the kitsch film F. Brabce Gump - the dog that taught people how to live - now competes for box office success with another film Tady hlídáme my.
Co-author of the script and director in one person, Juraj Šajmovič ml., freely continues his previous film Tady hlídám já from 2012.
The speaking goose Hugo returns to the stage along with some well-known characters around him.
Julie and Ivan, the owners of a pension in the Šumava Mountains, have a cat that meows incessantly, and so they begin to call the cat catcher, Julie's father with his partner and especially her daughter Veronika.
You are no longer a little girl, but a growing young woman who is experiencing her first love.
The director and his partner Beatriz Šajmovičová (who is also the producer of the film) had trouble with the pacing in the previous written film, but at least the children and the dog were entertaining.
The creative duo has written a weaker script this time, which generates a mixture of amazement and feelings of absurdity.
Let's summarize it.
Julie, as a scientist, is subject to the temptations of motherhood and, if the "constellation" is right, she copulates with her forest engineer Ivan, wherever the coordinates precisely determine - on the hood of a car or the tower of a church (of course during an ongoing excursion with a local guide), retired colonel Mojmír, despite his advanced training, shoots his own daughter (Julie) in the forest, who falls into a coma, after which the family takes her to the hospital, so that a miraculous healing process can take place in the heart of the Bohemian forest with the help of a dog.
Nothing against the therapeutic treatment of nature and the strength of animal friends.
Their owners know why they have them.
The actor is delighted, how full of unbelievable situations and figures was the content of this message required.
A pair of thieves from the personnel, a competition of pigeon racers, a Šumava charlatan, police officers arriving to search for "drugs" and discussing over thistles about the strength of bone marrow manure - and of course, which well-cooked family in a pension certainly gets drunk.
When the heroine wakes up after a difficult coma and immediately sits on a sofa with a cigarette and demands a whisky and a flapjack as a recovered vegetarian, it cannot be ignored.
The creator of the movie will explain to the viewer that "this sometimes happens after a coma."
Šajmovič's team lacks basic dramaturgical knowledge of working with text, the ability to build supporting situations, a sense of character and point of view, and directorial guidance.
The acting performances are uneven, the cutting is disjointed, and the overall impression is expected.
Although Lukáš Vaculík, Jitka Ježková, or Nela Boudová try to stop their parties, they don't have much to play with.
The only claim to fame of the film is the poetic footage of the Šumava countryside by cameraman Vladimír Holomka and the pair of jezevčíks.
It is not enough to draw a few characters, a complicated plot, and dog barks, nor to use colloquial and vulgar expressions, which the characters commit.
The argument that it is not age-related, as in the case of the producer's wife, is not valid.
For good intentions to promote nature and human friendship with dogs, there must also be knowledge of the craft, if a person wants to tell an unbelievable story.
It didn't work in this case.
There is a bit too much erotica and a minimum of citations for the genre in this family-friendly movie.
This amateurishly conceived part of the canister therapy advertisement did not pass.
Yes, respect, because they must listen to constant noise from the speakers, just like you.
There is a difference between offering and forcing, here you can see how well you understand it, but that's only because you've never tried it.
The decision is always with the customer, if he does not want, the answer will always be no.
If you had listened to that kid's advice, you might have changed your mind.
It's work like any other, in which case the brigade is on overtime.
The nearby East is plagued by unusually dry months.
Winter is the only season in the year when it rains.
"Almost complete absence of rainfall during November, as we have recorded on some stations, is unusual," confirms the Israeli Meteorological Service.
For example, the village of Kfar Giladi in northern Israel reports only six percent of the long-term rainfall average for November.
Two-day rain from this week was therefore more of an exception.
It's good for us.
It hasn't rained here for a long time.
"This is also the right Christmas costume, Wasím Aškar, the happy inhabitant of Nazareth."
Rain in Israel comes almost exclusively in the winter months, is intense and irregular.
In winter rains, dependent forests.
They are prone to fires without them.
It's not just about forests, but also about water resources and irrigation for farmers.
The largest freshwater source in Israel, the Galilee Lake, has filled to the brim this spring due to the three last rainy winters.
Since then, the level has been decreasing.
Water managers have been warning about the drought for a long time.
"It can be expected that there will be a decrease in rainfall due to global warming and climate change here," said Uri Schor, head of the Israeli Water Administration, in 2018.
Israel can help with technologies such as desalination or recycling of wastewater.
They are economically weak countries like Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan.
In the streets of the Jordanian capital, Amman, there are increasing numbers of cistern vehicles.
Wells and private springs are drying up.
"This year, my orders have increased by 70 to 80 percent compared to the two previous years," said Imád Sulejman, a driver of a tanker truck, in September.
In the Iranian city of Isfahan, clashes broke out between farmers and security forces.
The reason for the protests was drought.
The bed of the local river is completely dry.
The region has behind it the driest November in many years.
Israel is preparing a military strike against Iran.
The Israeli Minister of Defense declared that the negotiations in Vienna did not bring "any progress" and that he informed Washington about the preparations for an attack on Iranian nuclear facilities.
Defense Minister Benny Gantz announced on Saturday that he had ordered the Israeli army to prepare for the possibility of a military strike against Iran, according to Jonathan Lis.
A gantz who lives in the USA is trying to convince Americans to increase their pressure on Iran, but also informed Washington about military preparations.
During a press conference in Florida, Gantz said that nuclear talks in Vienna did not bring "any progress" and that world powers "understand that the Iranians are playing with them."
About 3 years ago, this happened to me too.
I liked her a bit and grilled her during the conversation to find out what she really wanted from me.
Finally, I have discovered that my suspicion of a pyramid was justified.
Because I really don't like these podfuky, I gave the girl a little push with doubts and questions, and in the end, I thanked her and left.
Tell me quietly that I am a fool, but the pyramid is a pyramid and financial advisors are financial advisors.
Skiers went to the mountains over the weekend, they were waiting for enough snow and good weather.
The Czech mountain centers experienced the first major wave of interest from skiers this weekend.
After a heavy snowfall at the end of the working week, there is no need for snow and some ski resorts have started operating.
The train driver did not comply with the obligation to show a COVID certificate at the station.
While ski rental companies do not compete for customers, some ski equipment rental companies report weaker demand for their services than before the epidemic.
Thousands of people ran in the cross-country race and on the slalom course in the Liberec region over the weekend.
The weather was perfect for skiers today, with sunshine and excellent snow conditions.
"We are satisfied, the launch weekend really started from the evening of Thursday when we had the first skilled skier on the mountain," praised the director of the Sportovní areál Ještěd, Jakub Hanuš.
People's sleds also headed to Jeseníky for the first weekend of the new season's skiing.
For example, Ski Aréna Karlov or the staging in Branná on Šumperk were open.
The weekend attendance was very good, with an estimated 400 people coming on Saturday and Sunday.
The conditions are unfavorable.
Today the sun shone, it was around minus three degrees, so perfect, he didn't spare any praise for the representative of the ski center in Branná, Rostislav Procházka.
Operators of ski resorts can sell skipasses only to people who are vaccinated or who have recovered from COVID-19 within a certain period.
"Až na výjimky jsou na to lidé připraveni a prokazují se potřebnými doklady," said ČTK René Hroneš from the ski center Špindlerův Mlýn.
„We have only registered individual incidents,“ he added.
Some lending and selling of skiing equipment is reporting lower demand than before the pandemic.
The interest in borrowing skis is high.
"It's not like in previous years, but there are still plenty of customers," said Alexandra Bokišová from the Skiopava store in Opava.
Larger pressure is expected during skiing courses.
The manager of the Královéhradecké company Snowbear, David Šinták, feels that there is not as much interest in renting ski equipment due to COVID-19 as there was in the past.
At that time, we were almost completely unprepared for the pandemic.
According to Šinták, ČTK, we are currently at about 50% of the pre-pandemic level.
People according to him were getting sick with the pandemic and learning to sit at home.
However, the car rental company in the Novako area on Boží Dar has a high demand.
They started lending skis last week and interested parties must now order them in advance.
"We are starting to lend bikes this weekend, but people have already called in advance, so we expect a lot of interest, just like in the past," said Pavlína Nováková, the operator of the area.
The interest is comparable to the period before the epidemic, and according to her, it is also about a ski school.
If we want successful and wealthy people not to leave the country, we must provide them with the opportunity to live a quality life here as they would in a foreign country.
That certainly doesn't belong to socialist healthcare, where it's often impossible to find a dentist or a specialist doctor.
Skilled and capable people are leaving the country to work abroad, where they have no property.
The owner of the company does not go abroad.
I completely agree with the rest.
If these people are not going to live well in the Czech Republic and if they are not going to have a reasonable future in the Czech Republic, then they will not be able to live in the Czech Republic at all.
The emigration from Hungary began when Orbán won one beautiful day, he ruled for a year, and suddenly the annual emigration increased by a few tens of thousands.
It is naive to think that the Czech Republic can find itself in a similar position from day to day.
The next question is about the elections.
When this place will be inhabited by people from afar, then here too can win some traditional V4 crazy person.
Young and educated people will leave, and those who remain will be his supporters and the people whose property cannot be put into the airplane.
Terrifying photo!
Is Langmajer bleeding because of a bet on beer?
While the autumn was in full swing in the Czech Republic, the crew of the film Island, led by Jiří Langmajer (55), was enjoying the tropical weather in Thailand!
The actor has published bloody photos of his face on social networks.
Is this a real injury or just an excuse for filming?
The London police are still searching for a missing Czech.
Last seen on the way home.
"The disappearance of Petra bears no resemblance to her behavior and we are starting to worry about her greatly," said Lucy O'Connor from the police department in the Lambeth district, where Srncová worked.
"Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and basically wants to know where she is," she continued.
A Czech woman who was dismissed from her job on Sunday, November 28th around 7:45 PM, left work and headed home to the Camberwell district.
She was supposedly seen for the last time in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3rd.
According to British media, Srncová worked as an "assistant to healthcare nurses" in the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital Trust.
"We have immense concerns about our dear colleague Petra, who has been missing for a long time," tweeted a group of healthcare facilities.
"We would like to appeal to anyone who may have any information that could help her find her way to contact the police," the statement continued.
The public is being called to cooperate by MP Harriet Harman, who warned of the case of Srncová during a press conference on Saturday.
"She has been missing for several days, she is only 32 years old, she is from the Czech Republic, her parents are presumably exhausted by her disappearance," said a labor politician, holding a photograph of the woman distributed by the London police.
"I have the feeling that we all have a particular responsibility to find her, because she was outside of her homeland, far from her family, and worked here for our healthcare," Harmanová said.
The police have already detained one man in connection with the case and he remains in custody.
However, according to the BBC news website, the police did not provide any information about his identity or what he is suspected of.
Russia is not capable of occupying Ukraine, and certainly not with 30 BTG (i.e. about 5 divisions).
I don't underestimate Ukraine, neither do I.
There are not "huge amounts", but about 8% of the Russian army.
You can see that Ukraine is constantly repeating that the threat of invasion is exaggerated and is starting to have our entry full of teeth.
I called above.
I don't know what you mean by "Russo-Ukrainian war."
The war is very expensive and Russia has the GDP of Italy.
The comparison with the situation in 38 is so far off in so many ways that I don't even know where to start.
I can compare it to the First Punic War and the "annexation" of Sicily :D
I can imagine that after Ukraine announced that it would not comply with the Minsk agreements, Russia annexed those ridiculous republics.
That would be so and the "concentration" at the borders would correspond to it.
Well, agreements must be kept...
New public transportation schedules will be in effect in Prague from Sunday, mainly affecting suburban connections.
Passengers in Prague's integrated transport (PID) have been waiting for several changes since Sunday, mainly affecting suburban connections.
New links have emerged, some have changed their route, and others have disappeared.
The integrated system now includes Mladoboleslavsko.
In the capital city, the fast trains from České Budějovice stop at the Zahradní Město station on Sundays.
In suburban rail transport, trains S7 run on the route from Beroun to Český Brod, passing through Prague's main railway station.
In the recently opened station Praha-Zahradní Město, the fast train R17 from České Budějovice and Benešov will now stop.
PID will be expanded to other areas.
Other buses go to Světlá nad Sázavou, Blatná u Jesenice, Staré Splavy, and Turnov.
The buses will be integrated into the Mladá Boleslav transport network, including lines with an extension into the Liberec and Hradec Králové regions.
During integration, 77 lines will be cancelled, 37 new ones will be introduced, and the operation of 12 existing ones will be improved.
A new bus line 405 will depart from Prague's Zličín and will go all the way to Žatec.
There is also a new direct connection between Prague and Kralovice u Rakovníka, which replaces the cancelled train line S53.
They will be strengthened in the morning peak and on the weekend, a new express line number 404 will run from Prague to Rakovník.
New lines 400 and 410 are now included in the PID system, which operate in the Liberec region.
They depart from Metro Station Střížkov, not from Metro Station Nádraží Holešovice.
The spinal line 400 goes through Mělník, Dubá and Česká Lípa to Nový Bor and selected trains continue to Rumburk or Cvikov.
The supplementary line 410 goes over Mělník and Dubá to Doks, Mimoně and Jablonné in Podještědí.
On the other hand, the operation of some local trains in the Central Bohemian region has been suspended or limited, including to Mochov, Dobrice, or Rozmital pod Tremšinem.
All trains with departures from Prague at 02:30 have been canceled.
Due to the modernization of the railway, there are long-term restrictions on the tracks between Prague and Beroun, Prague and Lysá nad Labem, and in the area around Kolín.
Changes are also waiting for passengers at other places.
Buses are replacing some of the cancelled railway lines or expanding the line 420 from Dobříš with a connection from Prague, where it is possible to use PID tickets up to Milevsko.
Changes have occurred in the route of lines 540 to 543 in Nymburk and some bus routes in the border area of Central Bohemia and Horovice in the Plzen Region.
Healthy lunch/snack to the office from the supermarket
Hi, I work classically 9-5 with a 30-minute break and my only option for food is to go to Billy or a bit further to Lidl.
Given that I have no energy, after work I don't have the strength to exercise, so I need to eat as healthily and nutritiously as possible.
Unfortunately, I never know what to buy, and I always buy pizza dough, yogurt, and an apple for snacking as quickly as possible.
Question: What healthy food would you recommend me to buy in a supermarket without the need for thermal processing?
Not everyone waits for a meter of snow like you, unfortunately.
It's not about the trees you must necessarily see.
Only the tip of a tree can hide under the snow.
If the tree is injured, it may be more susceptible to fungal infections.
I understand that it is the only reason why they prohibit us from driving outside the race track, but it is one of them.
Confession of Darya about her relationship with Nedvěd: I was not at all happy about it.
The Czech showbiz news website claims that Dara Rolins and Pavel Nedvěd's relationship is the only thing keeping the Czech fishing pond alive from Friday to Sunday.
They have been together since the summer, even the famous footballer couldn't resist the singer.
Dara has now sent a comprehensive message to her fans, in which she explains why she kept her love for them a secret for half a year.
"I can assure you that there is currently no one in the Czech Republic or Slovakia who has heard that Dara caught a bear, pardon, Nedvěda," jokes Dara Rolins, who is head over heels in love with the most successful Czech footballer.
But he did not crush her, on the contrary.
Three days are the focus of attention, and although they are accustomed to public interest, joy from it is lacking.
Here it is.
To, na co jsme se oba netěšili, ale věděli jsme, že k tomu jednou dojde, pokračuje zpěvačka.
I don't know who is on that mountain.
Whether it doesn't interest you and it jumps on them and out of the can, or us, whose lives are thoroughly disrupted by it.
As if someone wanted to hear your opinion on whether you are compatible with your spouse or partner, or whether you have insisted on everyone knowing your complete list of past partners and being familiar with your list of mistakes and flaws.
That's really annoying, that's what you want, Daré.
A couple went to Italy together, where Rolins was going for the preparation of her new fashion collection.
Nedvěd has been working as a vice president of the football club Juventus for a long time.
They went out with the truth until now, because they were waiting for the end of Nedvěd's divorce.
Ivan and his wife have been separated for three years, but they are not officially divorced yet.
Of course, we thank those who are happy with us and wish us well.
We are just people, with families, children, pasts, and dreams.
We are not perfect, but I believe we both have our hearts in the right place.
I love my new husband very much and he stands by me just as I stand by him. In good times and bad, Rolins said.
Hi, most of the commenters have already said everything important, I just want to confirm that the trains are super at the beginning, my classmates mostly met and became friends during the first semester or two, and then found part-time jobs together, which is the best option for me because you know who you'll be living with.
Flats usually don't stay on the market for too long, so you probably won't find much, but it's worth taking a look at the offer.
Otherwise, not only Cejl, but also the surrounding area (streets like Vranovská, Francouzská, etc., that's quite a bad address), and some parts of Židenice are a bit like a ghetto.
Opposite the quarter Veveří is a lot of student housing, Královo pole and in that direction it's great, besides it's close to most faculties of VUT (I don't know exactly where you're going).
I have never been a renter, but I am a Brňák by birth, so I can perhaps advise on Brno as such, if you still need some information :)
This is a completely "normal" way of thinking.
Because some doctors in Poland have decided to do something, it is actually quite orderly that the state does not finance some schools sufficiently.
Either you learn what you want and pay for it yourself, or you eat according to the state plan and pay for it with your taxes.
We cannot allow a private actor to control a piece of education just because a few crowns will be added to the state contribution and thus they will be able to teach what they want in schools.
The statement loses a bit of weight when it is written by a person who expressed himself two days earlier in such a way about the petitioning action for a boycott of the totalitarian state:
So, the vote on whether someone should go on birth control is the same as the vote on whether a statue should stand in the town square?
I would consult with the person who gave you this task directly.
I have experienced during cataloging/digitalization that (and this also applies to long-term professionals) either it suits from the eye, or they will write something like xxx *** or ... (according to the convention) and add a note that it is unreadable.
"It is true that in this case it is quite readable, so I would not recommend it."
Personally, I would handle it somehow in a note according to the program you are using.
If you want to be a regular and diligent student, you can look into some symbolic databases and search for the nearest there.
"But because it looks like you're quoting from some book, I'd like to suggest that the author or printer simply created their own unique symbol that sits next to what is physically on the coin."
PS: Is it not more likely to be the Odrynian Empire (kingdom) than the Odryan Empire?
PSS: Someone has already done that here.
Mark this comment with ΦΙΛH.
Politicians do not know what will be the "topic" of our presidency.
It is much worse to have to communicate with someone who doesn't speak your language than to have to communicate with someone who does speak your language but with a bad accent.
The idea that something would be approved because no one understood some text is amusing.
All important approved documents are examined word by word, and some basic knowledge of English is not enough for that, it is a matter for lawyers.
In various institutions of the EU, hundreds of translators and interpreters work, English is more suitable for politicians for informal contacts, establishing extra-standard relationships.
It's also interesting with English, after the exit of GB from the EU.
I can't understand that hate on Czech.
I have been working there for the third year and I am completely at ease.
How many times have I ridden from work I in 10 evenings and never had any problems.
Only someone who has almost never been there can say that it is a ghetto.
Yeah, most of the Romani population in Brno lives there, but the only thing they do is cross the road and park where they shouldn't. Definitely, I wouldn't be afraid to go out on the street there in the evening.
So if you're looking for relatively cheap accommodation with good access to the city center, I'd be happy to go with that.
There are plenty of flats there now, newly reconstructed or newly built.
Felix Slováček (78) without Dáda and Milenka Gelemová as a nail in the plot!
How does he spend his Christmas?
On Sunday, most people lit the first candle on their Advent wreath, but Felix Slováček did not.
I don't have an Advent wreath, so there was nothing to light.
I've seen the daddy's wreath, and Lucie definitely has one too, said Blesk, the saxophonist, confirming the words of Patras, who often visits her.
He visits, but he doesn't live in their house on Vinohrade, where Dáda stayed alone after his departure.
The Slováček still doesn't know where he will be on St. Nicholas's Eve.
We recently met with Anička, Felix, and both grandchildren.
VIDEO: Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: TOGETHER AT LAST!
Felix Slováček and Lucie Gelemová: TOGETHER!
But we did have something to talk about, so we didn't get to celebrate Christmas.
I really don't know where I'll be.
I buy gifts regularly and I'm sure I'll buy something for Dad and Lucie, maybe a perfume.
Felix, who came to the baptism of the musical video clip in the Richman club, added that he was a gentleman.
I am here alone, but I am not alone.
"I always find someone to have fun with," says Slováček, who was glad to meet the wife of Ludvík Sobota, Adéla, or the singer Kamila Nývltová.
He made it clear.
Can we be an island where we can allow ourselves not to have soldiers and weapons?
I hope that someone will defend us and our location is so strategic that the aggressor would have to be a complete idiot to not take over this territory.
I don't understand why this would be a bad argument, could you please explain it to me?
I don't know any other component that could be deployed in hospitals during a crisis.
There are too few police officers and they cannot afford to do so, so only firefighters and nowhere else are there such high percentages of health-trained people at such a level.
"To, že je naše armáda schopná ubránit tak akorát Ostravu jde na hlavu předchozím vládám, ne armádě, ta prosí o nové hračky už dost dlouho."
Record drought in the Czech Republic.
It is necessary to change agricultural subsidies, the countryside should not be just a factory for food, says a journalist.
The Czech Republic is currently experiencing the worst drought in recent years.
According to scientists, there has been a decrease in water levels in mountain and sub-mountain areas. Even places that have not yet experienced water scarcity are also recording a smaller amount of precipitation.
The cause of the drought that prevails in much of central Europe is climate change.
The impacts, however, also strengthen the way we manage the soil.
What should we prepare in connection with the drought?
How can we help nature in difficult times?
I'll be fine, I'll just hold on to my skates on the ice, I know how to play hockey and that tactic (which I tried in Franchise Hockey Manager) is generally a joke.
If you're a hockey team like "the bears of Russia" or "the lamas of China", you can lose by two goals even if you don't have to win the game at any cost. It's a different situation when it's compared.
So, as I listen to Czech commentators who criticize everything, I wonder what the referees are seeing that they don't see, whether it's male or female hockey players. It's all very strange, but that's how it is with everything, including UEFA and "Italian actors" or motorsports like F1, WRC, etc.
Controversy is everywhere.
I think it would be the opposite, and that the Czech Republic and Russia have lost more often than they have won, it would be a classic "we lost" vs "WE ARE the winners".
Coronavirus: Number of cases in Russia exceeded 10 million
On Saturday, December 11, the Czech Republic recorded 9080 daily cases.
There are 5766 people hospitalized.
In total, 34,451 people died in the Czech Republic, and another 74.
In the Czech Republic, there were 1967 confirmed cases in the last 14 days, and 871 confirmed cases in the last week.
The number of cases in Russia on Sunday exceeded 10 million.
Over the last 24 hours, 29,929 new cases have been registered.
This is the lowest daily number since October 13th.
The total number of registered cases in Russia is 10,016,896.
The number of daily deaths is 1132, it is the lowest daily number of dead since the end of October.
The UK is facing an "inevitable" wave of infections caused by the Omikron variant, according to Dr. Susan Hopkinsová, the main medical advisor to the UK Health Security Agency, who said this on Sunday on television.
There will be a need for new quarantine measures.
People infected with the omicron variant are already being hospitalized in the UK, and Hopkins expects the number to rise.
So far, no one has died from omikron, but hospitalizations are occurring about 14 days after infection and deaths are occurring about three weeks after infection.
The leader of the British Labour Party, Keir Starmer, stated on Sunday that Boris Johnson probably broke the law by holding a Christmas party in Downing Street last December, when the lockdown was introduced and large gatherings were banned.
One minister in Johnson's government argued that the quiz took place "virtually", through a computer.
However, it was attended by a group of employees gathered around the computers in Downing Street.
In Britain, there is growing pressure to remove Johnson from the premiership.
During last December, when a strict lockdown was introduced in London and Christmas parties were banned, the Johnson ministers organized numerous parties despite the lockdown.
The British public and media are furious that Johnson and his government have been making jokes about them:
Paul Brand, editor of commercial television ITV for Britain: Two years ago, Boris Johnson won a landslide victory in the general elections with a huge majority.
The Conservative Party is talking about removing him from the position of Prime Minister today.
"Notable, how quickly events unfolded."
Do you want to moisturize and protect your skin?
Hungary is waiting for spring elections that could end the twelve-year rule of Viktor Orbán.
These will be elections of European significance.
How much can one wait for good news?
They will not have a happy life.
He probably won't have any either, because there were no free ones even in the last two elections under Orbán.
His party Fidesz controls the media, changes the boundaries of electoral districts to profit from it, and does other smaller or larger tricks.
The current sound is such that everyone can choose where they want to be.
To allow Fidesz to swing voters from decided districts to those where the outcome is uncertain and the opposition could win.
So I just repeat that the fér will not be at all.
Do you think it will be the same as in 2014 and 2018?
The situation is always different.
It used to be about whether Fidesz would win, but now it's about how many seats it will get and whether it will have a constitutional majority.
Now there is a real chance that the united opposition will gain more votes and mandates.
This is a huge surprise for Viktor Orbán and his party.
Will he be able to maintain his power by playing even harder?
Yes, we have some indications that they are ready to go beyond what they have done so far.
Recently, an audio recording of the chairman of the parliament and one of the leaders of Fidesz, Laszlo Köver, was leaked to the independent media, where he tells the heads of secret services that the opposition poses a threat to national security.
What are these signs of a new approach, of which you speak?
Yes, it is one of the novelties.
Everything starts with language.
I was bitten quite often, last time at 14, my mother doesn't have much patience, neither do I, my grandmother has a long fuse, but then it blows up (only in connection with me).
I was also very choleric and I was screaming like a little devil, to such an extent that I was lying on the ground in agony and the whole thing was blue, they took me under the shower twice to calm me down.
Sometimes I laughed at their education, sometimes it was more like they didn't know.
I definitely have the tendency to solve things by force, as I am very impulsive, and now I want to take at least something out of it, and as a younger person, I have to make my parents happy even if it means (I don't get enough power through the handle), so I never do anything extreme, but I always have that urge.
I'm not able to determine to what extent this is my impulsiveness, but certainly education has its share in it.
I'm afraid I'll lose my patience with my child and keep solving the same problem.
I think it's terrible to have children and that my parents shouldn't have had me, especially at that time when it wasn't "educational," but out of frustration. On the other hand, maybe every parent messes up their kids a little bit, and it's not possible to completely spoil them, so I don't hold it against them.
I don't understand why he should feel ashamed of himself.
Laws should be clear and unambiguous.
I would therefore call these, which laws create in such a quality.
I was curious if you were afraid of a drop in income?
Can you really count on the fact that people will want and buy the product and you will have enough money to pay the mortgage?
Kočner's Obscure Light.
Will Slovakia speed up the process of investigating the murder of journalist Kuciak?
The main trial in the case of the quadruple murder of Jan Kuciak and Martina Kušnírová begins in Slovakia.
The death of an investigative journalist and his partner changed Slovakia.
The civil society organization exposed the practices of accused entrepreneur Marian Kočner and his connections to the top of Slovak politics and justice.
What will be the fundamental breakthrough in the process for Slovakia?
For such a huge topic, journalists can write.
How is it possible that this petition had an order of magnitude greater media attention than the counter-petition of all medical faculty deans, which was released a day later?
Who, they let themselves go to waste and society kicked them out.
On Czech TV, they were talking about COVID-19 even before half a year.
Another government ends and the law on the involvement of municipalities in the selection of waste disposal sites nowhere to be found.
The minister's proposal needs to be fundamentally reworked.
The government of Prime Minister Andrej Babiš is at the end and the law, which was supposed to ensure the respect of interests of municipalities and their citizens in the selection and licensing of deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste, still does not exist.
The legislative council of the government interrupted the discussion of the proposal, which the Ministry of Industry and Trade had submitted to the government after long inquiries.
However, his content is also in serious disagreement not only with the affected municipalities united in the Platform against the deep storage facility, but also with the Czech Union of Towns and Municipalities.
The self-governance of waste disposal is expected to significantly strengthen its capabilities in making decisions on waste disposal, as promised since 2011, when the first work on this legislation began and which is also required by the Czech atomic law and the European directive.
We expect the new government, in accordance with its coalition agreement, to revise the proposed legislation in cooperation with municipalities.
The proposed law by Minister Karl Havlíček, which is available to Platforma, is criticized by municipalities mainly due to: The proposed level of involvement of municipalities and the public in the decision-making process for selecting a location for waste disposal is insufficient and cannot ensure the respect of interests of municipalities and their citizens.
The process can only be truly effective if the municipalities or the public can influence whether the process will take place at all in a particular location.
To ensure the fulfillment of the obligation of the Waste Management Authority, it is necessary to obtain consent from the affected municipalities before starting a specific proceeding.
The proposed item-based intention almost completely ignores the involvement of the public and makes citizens practically just statistical data in the decision-making process.
The proposal lacks a system setting for compensation for municipalities for the entire process of searching and selecting a location for waste disposal, its authorization, and operation.
The representatives of municipalities do not have much possibility to defend the interests of their citizens when searching for a place for waste disposal according to the current legal norms.
Only in certain licensing proceedings may submit their comments or appeal, the decision is made by the authority or the minister, in whose interest it is to issue the license.
Any potential claim does not have a deferral effect on the execution of exploratory or construction works.
The joint decision-making, which Platforma requests, is a common principle used in many democratically developed countries and certainly in those where they have advanced in the field of waste disposal, such as Sweden or Finland.
The preparation of the law is outside of the further failure of the state administration, which hires external legal offices for the preparation of legislation.
In this case, it is a contract with the law firm HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., which SÚRAO has concluded and which is based on previous contracts with lawyer Jan Zemanek.
The total sum for these works according to the register of contracts is almost 4 million korun.
Antonín Seknička, a vice-mayor of the village of Cejle from the Hrádek locality, and a spokesperson for the Platform against the deep geological repository of highly radioactive waste, said: "After the ministers of industry, who only passed the responsibility for finding a deep geological repository for highly radioactive waste onto their successors, we are waiting for a much stronger approach from the new government."
We offer you a helping hand.
We also thank the Union of Towns and Municipalities for their support. They understand the problem of inadequate rights of municipalities in relation to such a fundamental building as directly affected municipalities in selected locations.
The platform against deep geological repository unites 51 members (35 municipalities and cities and 16 associations) with the aim of promoting a change in the state's approach to dealing with spent nuclear fuel and other radioactive waste, which will not be limited to deep geological repositories.
The platform continues to advocate for the conditioning of decisions on the selection of a location for possible storage to prior consent of affected municipalities.
John Goodman's herculean physique (69 years old) inspired fear: He weighed 90 kg.
Although he had been following his lifestyle for a long time without the need to change anything, he was eventually frightened by the doctors.
He told him that if he didn't stop, he would die.
They took it.
The Sun reports that Goodman gradually lost 90 kilograms, which is half of his original weight of 180 kg.
He boasted about his new character during the premiere of the animated series The Freak Brothers in Los Angeles.
The person from the sitcom Roseanne is completely different from the Czech translation!
John joked that his friends and family asked him to lose weight because his big body was causing the furniture to break.
"I have everything in my mouth," the actor said in a 2018 interview with AARP.
I wanted to do it slowly this time.
He's moving, exercising.
I am getting to the age where I can no longer afford to sit down, said ABC Goodman, whose transformation is amazing.
It depends on which boss and in what context you want to use the word "boss".
If it's a text on a platform that expects a reader from a gaming environment, I wouldn't translate it at all.
If it were about a formal text, such as a university text, I would look for a way to describe or explain it more effectively.
There are many different types of bosses.
Maybe the game like Dark Souls has a few bosses, and so "boss" is something like a lord or ruler of a certain level, and then there is the final boss...
In many games, there are hidden bosses (super boss, hidden boss), who are not at all necessary to defeat in order to complete the game or level, but they are often much stronger than standard bosses.
Are there any games like Half-Life where the bosses are present, but the player doesn't directly fight them (e.g. Tentacle, Gargantua), and what would you call such a game?
And then they are mini bosses.
It's not even worth translating the boss into English, Czech and other languages don't solve the problem (interesting is only Catalan, which translates the boss as the final enemy).
This is a short story or game that is generally important, computer-controlled, stronger than all previous opponents, and monitoring the completion of some level or task.
After the negligent Peter from London, the whole world is searching.
The Czech police have also been involved.
The British police have been searching for Petr Srncová since December 3rd.
The Czech police have also joined the search.
A 32-year-old woman from Uherský Hradiště has been missing since December 7th.
Interpol is helping the British police at the same time.
Her colleagues last saw Petra Srncova on November 28th.
The British police have been searching for her since December 3rd.
Interpol issued a so-called yellow notice for her.
After Peter, the whole world searches.
The Czech police closely cooperates with the British police, confirmed police spokesperson Kateřina Rendlová.
"We share information about the case," she added.
The search for Peter has already appeared on the police website.
According to him, she is 168 centimeters tall, slender with brown eyes and long, straight hair of the same color.
It should come from Uherskohradišť.
Petra worked as a healthcare assistant in one of the London hospitals.
Friends and colleagues are worried about her, as such disappearance is very unusual for her.
A female member of the Czech parliament, Harriet Harmanová, has also joined the search for Peter.
She was involved in hanging posters with Petra's face on them.
"We have enormous concerns about her," said on Saturday's press conference.
In connection with the disappearance, British police have arrested one suspect.
It is not clear who he is and what he had in common with Peter.
Czechia is terrorizing Agent Tesla before Christmas.
While data in October showed a mild decrease in attack campaigns, the previous month saw a significant increase in attacks with the approaching end of the year.
We have recorded a large campaign in connection with Agent Tesla on November 18th.
Attacks are targeted at the Czech Republic.
The strategy of attackers remains unchanged for the time being.
The attached file in the email is designed to catch the user's attention with a name that refers to payments and financial transactions.
"While last month's name contained a dangerous part in the word 'invoice', this time it was labeled as 'Copy of repair invoice for 11,2021...exe'," said Martin Jirkal from Eset.
The spyware contains functions that scan internet browsers and other programs, such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, or Yandex.
The malicious code actively searches for stored login credentials, which it then sends to attackers.
The last strong campaign took place in the Czech Republic at the end of August and beginning of September, with the approaching holidays and the end of the year, the activity of attackers is again on the rise.
In November, the spyware Formbook remained active.
Unlike Agent Tesla, the attackers in this case do not focus specifically on the Czech Republic, and security specialists in November captured rather global campaigns.
In comparison to the October data in Formbook in November, Formbook slightly weakened, but it is still standing for almost half of all detections.
The attacks took place continuously throughout the month with increased activity on days 3, 10, and 15.
The formbook usually contained an attachment with the suffix ".exe", which carried the name REQUEST FOR SPECIFICATION.
However, the term "invoice" continues to appear.
An appendix in Czech can be much more dangerous for a Czech user.
Security analysts have reported a significant drop and weakening of activity in the Fareit program, which accounted for 1.6% of attacks and had no major campaign in the last few months in the Czech Republic.
The demoška chytráků today, who don't need oxygen because oxygen is for vaccinated mice.
The guide through Prague was bigger than the media reports.
According to the shots of the procession along the embankment and according to my experience as a demonstrator, I estimate the number of people to be around 10,000.
People filled the quay and the bridge and the opposite quay.
It means that there are a lot of people.
To the march of around 4,000 demonstrators, spontaneously joins an unprecedented number of passersby.
I claim that something new is being born here, writes Radek Mokry.
The fact that the permanent dissatisfaction of several large groups or strata of the population led to the fact that they found a common language.
Only lone anti-vaxxers, anti-maskers, and co. were able to fill and pay for such a large parade.
The popularity of the Chcípl spolku's action is on the rise, reminding me of Million Moments for Democracy.
Sometimes I have the feeling that they are renting the same podium and technology.
It's hard to say what kind of movement could arise from this dissatisfaction, it depends not only on the supply of money, but also on whether the three-dose vaccine from Pfizer becomes a four-dose or more vaccine.
I'm sure it won't be a left-wing or centrist movement, that's for sure.
The three-dose vaccine will almost certainly become a four-dose vaccine, because it is clear that we will need to get boosted every six months.
I am very glad that vaccines saved us.
Genius action of scientists, to which humanity is entitled.
The end of the story, Bulgaria has a new prime minister announcing change.
Bulgarian President Rumen Radev has tasked the formation of a new government with Kiril Petkov from the anti-corruption movement Continuing the change that won the November elections.
Tom has already managed to form a government coalition that should take office within a few days.
The political crisis in the country has been ongoing since April, when the previous government lost the elections under the weight of anti-corruption protests.
The winning parties proclaiming a fight against corruption and abuse of power were unable to agree, so there were two more early elections.
What do cats do when no one is watching?
From secretly obtained footage, a global hit is born.
In Britain over the weekend, concerns grew about the fate of a 32-year-old Czech woman, after whom London police have been searching for several days.
Petra Srncová was last seen two weeks ago when she was on her way home from work in the south of the British metropolis.
In addition to the police, the employer of the children's hospital worker and the MP representing the part of London where she lived has also been contacted.
"The disappearance of Petra bears no resemblance to her behavior and we are starting to worry about her greatly," said Lucy O'Connor from the police department in the Lambeth district, where Srncová worked.
"Her family in the Czech Republic is also very worried about her and they just want to know where she is," she continued.
A Czech woman who was dismissed from her job on Sunday, November 28th around 7:45 PM, left work and headed home to the Camberwell district.
She was supposedly seen for the last time in a bus about half an hour later.
Her disappearance was reported by one of her colleagues on December 3rd.
According to British media, Srncová worked as an "assistant to nursing sisters" in the Evelina London Children's Hospital, which belongs to the Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital Trust.
"We have immense concerns about our dear colleague Petra, who has been missing for a long time," tweeted a group of healthcare facilities.
"We would like to appeal to anyone who may have any information that could help her find her way to contact the police," the statement continued.
An anonymous person informed Šumperská amatérská malířka dětských pokojů Zdeňka Dvořáková Kocourková (and also the regional pirate councillor) that she was violating copyright laws with her paintings.
The court acknowledged that the Krtečka paintings in the Šumperk rooms do not violate the law.
In Ústí nad Labem, a hole drilled in the road in the form of a canal without a plug.
It was about life.
The Magistrate referred complaints to the RSD, to which the road belongs, and because it allegedly did not react, the hole continued to grow.
Finally, the authorities clarified responsibilities and ownership and after a month, the RSD began "intensively" resolving the situation.
