The goods cost less than 20 euros.
The fee is 40% of the value of the goods...
I am a #PRS_ORG# wholesale customer, so it is not a problem for me.
I just need a number or instruction on how to attach the package so that it can be tracked back to you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS_ORG# a few days ago... for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
I find that very frustrating, to be honest.
Do I need to cancel the order and reorder for the better price, or is there another way of getting a refund?
I generally think that it is not a good idea to let children take on the role of parent for their younger siblings.
However, I think it's good for big siblings to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Just a quick look, just a quick help, just bring the bottle etc.
This way they learn responsibility, help out in the family and are involved.
As long as they are still young enough to be children, I see no problem.
If your K1 is happy to be on his own for a short time, that's good.
You can best judge whether this is suitable for your children.
It's not as if he's supposed to wrap K2 and watch him fall asleep for hours.
Legally, it is probably dubious.
Perhaps this is why the psychologist made this statement.
After all, if something were to actually happen like a fire, break-in, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is, of course, up to you ;)
Help me find the title of a book!
I remember reading a crime / thriller a few years ago and I can remember almost the entire plot, but I can't remember the title, maybe someone here can help...
The story was about fear and how to treat it.
At the beginning of the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by drowning himself in food and going to his big cats' enclosure.
The case is taken over by a commissioner who, after a short investigation, ends up at his therapist, who runs a clinic where he treats patients with phobias.
The commissioner has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and ends up at this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is anonymously commissioned to go to the site of the suicide and document it and put the photos on the internet.
Anyway, it turns out that this therapist is running a kind of underground therapy group, where patients have a chip implanted in their brain that suppresses a fear center, and the patients are forced to confront their fears in the most extreme way possible.
(a woman jumps out of a window, another drives herself to death on purpose)
This facing of fear is called "the fight" in the book.
In the end, there is a big showdown in the hospital where the fire started.
That's the gist of it, I'm pretty sure the book was originally written by a French author/authoress.
If anyone knows of this person or knows the title of the book, I would be very grateful.
Oh no, I don't have the password for the WiFi.
I have to contact my husband first.
But it can take a while.
What do I need to do after that?
Is it also possible to get the price difference back?
Child, 4 yrs, splinter under thumb nail
Four-year-old boy has splinters the length of his thumb (outside) under his fingernail.
They tried to pull him out with a pincer.
Very hard to grasp.
It didn't work and it hurt.
Now the child is hysterical when we try to do it.
No chance.
Tomorrow I go to the doctor.
All Bosch electrical tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools are carefully inspected, tested and subjected to the strict controls of Bosch quality control.
Bosch therefore gives a guarantee for Bosch electric tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's warranty claims arising from the purchase contract with the seller, as well as statutory rights, are not restricted by this guarantee.
For these tools, we guarantee according to the following conditions:
We guarantee the tool in accordance with the following regulations (Nr. 2 - 7) by free repair of the defects in the tool, which are proven to be due to a material or manufacturing defect within the guarantee period.
The guarantee period is 24 months, 12 months for commercial or professional use or equivalent use.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first end-user.
The date on the original receipt is decisive.
For all tools purchased on or after 1 September 2004, commercial blue electrical tools and measuring tools (excluding high-frequency tools, industrial battery-powered screwdrivers and compressed air tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the purchaser registers the tools within 4 weeks of the purchase date.
Battery packs and chargers, as well as accessories, are excluded from this extended warranty.
Registration can only be done online at www.bosch-pt.com/warranty.
The registration certificate is the confirmation, which must be printed out immediately, and the original sales receipt, from which the date of purchase can be deduced.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of the data he or she will enter there.
The guarantee does not apply to: parts subject to wear and tear due to normal use, or other natural wear and tear, as well as defects in the tool caused by normal use, anomalous environmental conditions, unsuitable operating conditions, overloading, or insufficient maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of accessory, complementary or replacement parts that are not Bosch original parts.
Tools that have been modified or enhanced.
Minor deviations from the specified condition, which are irrelevant to the value and usability of the tool.
The rectification of the defect we have recognised as guaranteed will be done in such a way that we will either repair the defective tool free of charge or replace it with a tool that is free of defects (possibly also a successor model).
Replacement tools or parts go into our ownership.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Distance Selling Act, I have the right to cancel within 1 month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
The combination of a digital decoder and a sound module on a circuit board allows us to achieve dimensions of only 30mm x 15.5mm, which means that it can be installed in almost any H0 and 0 locomotives.
LokSound 5 decoders are available with all common interfaces and always come with a 11x15mm "candy cane" loudspeaker with a sound capsule assembly.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multi-protocol decoder.
He knows the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In DCC format, 14 to 128 steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders are automatically registered at an appropriate digital centre.
It can be programmed in all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom® the CV values on the main line can be read out with suitable centrals.
For centrals that can only program CVs from 1-255 there are auxiliary registers.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 gears at 255 addresses.
Three more Motorola addresses allow the triggering of 16 functions.
An integrated programming mode also makes it possible to reprogram the venerable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic registration to mfx®-compatible centrals.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognises Märklin® braking tracks as well as ZIMO® HLU braking commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
It is also possible to brake with DCC brake blocks or with direct current.
In addition, he also holds a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC pendulum switch allows automatic switching between two stations.
The LokSound 5 decoder can be used on analogue DC and AC tracks.
After my voucher was not extended due to a complaint that did not reach me, I will order a value of approx.
Remove #NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order elsewhere, where the customer-friendliness is higher and I don't have to waste my time trying to achieve nothing!
What am I supposed to do with this number?
Because of Omikron: Johnson wants to push the booster vaccination forward
New cases of the Omikron variant are causing concern among politicians and scientists in the UK.
Therefore, all adults who are eligible for the vaccine in England will be offered one by the end of January.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to move even faster with the booster vaccinations against Covid-19, given the rapid increase in the number of Omikron cases.
Every adult in England should have the chance to get a booster dose by the end of the year, provided three months have passed since their second vaccination, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a pre-recorded video message to his fellow countrymen on Sunday evening.
Previously, the target date was the end of January.
The UK government will also provide additional support to help accelerate the vaccination programmes in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
In the face of the Omikron variant, we are facing a crisis, which is why the vaccination must be strengthened, said Johnson.
The good news is that the protection level can be increased again with a third dose.
Get your booster now," Johnson said.
Another 1,239 cases of the Omicron variant were recorded in the UK on Sunday, taking the total to 3,137.
Compared to the previous day, this was an increase of 65 per cent. dpa
Will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price if the item is collected?
I am in favour of everyone introducing themselves with pronouns
I sent in an application.
Today, the invitation to a meeting came by email.
I want to respond to the email.
Unfortunately, however, the name is not "Peter", but a somewhat more complicated name.
I googled it and depending on where they come from, it's either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write this email now.
Can someone help me?
**I am an immigrant and I don't want to step on a civil servant's toes.
Conclusion: everyone should imagine pronouns.
I have five books in total.
Four of them are going.
Only the one I bought today doesn't work
Apparently, the chair had a hidden defect at the time of sale.
How can such a cushion damage occur after 9 months otherwise?
First, it was tried on the #PRS_ORG#.
This has been working for about
Not for 14 days.
So I have always bought the last books online and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS_ORG# and wanted to buy 8.
However, there were none left.
They are now available and I would like you to please add 2 chairs to the order and bill me.
CW: The feeling when I can't help.
Content warning: I'm going to write in detail about domestic violence here.
I just need to write something down.
I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more often for professional reasons.
A topic that really nags at me and unfortunately happens far too often is that many victims don't seek help or think we can't help them.
I am well aware that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are fewer things in my profession that move me more than when I can't do anything in such situations.
I see the blue bruises, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a one-on-one conversation with the perpetrator far out of sight and hearing, I cannot reach all of them.
I don't know what the reason is, maybe it's fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the familiar social environment, fear of taking the children away from it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, sometimes very close to tears, is that everyone is worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they don't have to just accept violence.
I often wish I could help in some way... I know I can't.
It will never get any easier.
Please, always remember that you are worth living without violence, that is so incredibly important.
Arcane on Netflix: What does the series do for "League of Legends"?
A lot of fantasy, a lot of complicated names, a breathtaking design: "Arcane", the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has recently started on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby disaster for MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg at Merlins Crailsheim
At least, you could rely on Youngster Johannes Patrick.
Nothing again: For the second time within less than three months, the giants lost in Crailsheim - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg coach John Patrick looked back on the cup defeat in early October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim and said: "We still have a bit of anger in our bellies."
However, this did not happen after the game. Instead, it was increased due to the 61:72 (28:38) -defeat in the Basketball Bundesliga.
While the bare result was disappointing, it was the manner of the performance that was more so.
A representative statistic is cited to express the entire dilemma: The three-goal quota was just 13 percent, 4 goals (all scored by the young Johannes Patrick) from a total of 31 attempts - any questions?
John Patrick had the answer: "We weren't focused enough after the win in Tenerife and didn't execute what we practiced."
That is, to move the ball.
His counterpart Sebastian Gleim reacted quite differently: "A great game to win for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
It felt like 10,000 people.
On Saturday, only 750 visitors were allowed into the Hohenlohe Arena, but they were not disappointed.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who scored 22 points and steered the game of his team.
The best playmaker I have ever trained, Gleim praised.
While in Patrick's team, the performance makers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) failed miserably.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the giants prevent a total disaster and came within eight points of closing the gap, having already been 39:59 behind.
Besides Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also scored 12 points.
Luckily, there is not much time to whine.
The Giants will receive the Skyliners from Frankfurt on Wednesday (7 p.m.), before then also playing in front of a maximum of 750 spectators in Ludwigsburg.
We had an old mail address, but I changed it.
Yes, I registered a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were denied.
We have checked the legal situation again and have therefore written to them again.
We originally registered six months ago.
Always like peeled from an egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He can charm his audience with new interpretations of songs from the 1920s and 1930s.
Currently, he is on tour with the programme "Good Morning, dear Happiness" - if he is allowed to perform.
Max Raabe was supposed to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing comes of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "at the behest of the authorities" to curb the spread of the coronavirus.
Other performances he had planned for the Advent season had to be postponed, as it says on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January onwards, the artists then want to make up for the dates that were postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Max Raabe has sung a lot and enjoyed it since he was a teenager.
He studied opera singing in Berlin, and in 1986 he founded the Palast Orchestra together with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of songs and chansons in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He has been awarded many prizes.
His live album from the MTV Unplugged series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - the second place in the charts.
He has taken it from the niche to the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, the blonde hair neatly combed back and attentive to etiquette, Max Raabe is no longer to be found in the current German-speaking music scene.
He has been on tour with the program "Good Morning, dear Happiness" since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the furniture wood in advance?
It can be complemented with existing furniture and so we can check whether it matches the colour scheme beforehand
It still doesn't work, I can only long for the cover but not turn the pages.
Federal Housing Minister Klara Geywitz: Enteignment does not create new housing
The new Federal Minister for Building and Housing, Klara Geywitz (SPD), has spoken out against the expropriation of large housing companies, as demanded in a popular vote in Berlin.
With a confiscation, no new homes are created, only the ownership structure changes, said Geywitz in an interview with the Tagesspiegel (Sunday).
My aim is to give tenants reassurance that their rent will remain affordable in the years ahead.
A colourful mix of private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations is the best protection against monopolisation.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens and Left Party wants to set up an expert commission to decide how to deal with the result of the referendum.
However, if the situation does not improve, Geywitz did not rule out talks with the FDP in the Ampel coalition about further tightening of the rental law.
The coalition agreement foresees a rent cap until 2029, a cap on rental increases in tight housing markets, and the expansion of the rent index.
I will be speaking to the Justice Minister to get this implemented as soon as possible.
If the rental market does not calm down, "we will talk to our coalition partners about further steps," stressed the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and I noticed after a few days that I forgot to complete the payment.
Sadly, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be back in stock?
Or whether it will ever come again?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm),
Gift voucher sounds great
Then I redeem the self-employed at the new order.
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is sent in March, how long does the delivery itself take?
I've already cut my finger
That is an absolute disgrace
At least 100 dead in Kentucky tornadoes
A devastating storm system has spawned numerous tornadoes across the U.S.
Alone in Kentucky, more than 100 deaths could be blamed.
The pictures from there look like a war zone.
On Saturday night, tornadoes in the United States caused severe damage and possibly up to 100 deaths.
The storms have left a trail of destruction stretching about 320 kilometres across the state of Kentucky.
Its governor Andy Beshear said after visiting the disaster zone, everywhere the tornado had passed was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial plants, roofs are in the trees.
It is hard to imagine that this is even possible.
He alone in the state of Kentucky is expecting up to a hundred dead, the official figures are rising by the hour.
Hello, I just saw that Vitrine #NAME# is out of stock.
That's very sad.
Will it still be produced?
Or has it been completely removed from the catalogue?
Is it possible to order this vitrine in another country?
When do you want to sign up?
If the delivery cannot be made to my home, I must cancel the order!
I understand, but can I now order the cover and have it delivered to Germany from the shopping cart?
I had returned an article via the contact form, or requested a return, and wanted to check if it had been received or was being processed, as I had not received a confirmation.
Companies are paying vaccine bonuses and changing slogans
While the federal government continues to reject the proposals for a vaccine bonus, companies in Austria have taken the initiative and are offering their employees money bonuses for getting vaccinated.
They are in line with the social partners ÖGB and Chamber of Commerce, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - following the German model - is also intended to increase the willingness to be vaccinated against Covid-19.
He has changed jobs over which he has complained.
That doesn't make your situation any better.
Wait and drink tea.
It's been a year.
He has obviously not stuck to his old job and has been looking for something else.
You can do that too.
And that he didn't like you back then: well, who cares.
He didn't like his job anyway.
There are too many variables.
Please accept the cancellation.
That will then be legally relevant.
I take a screenshot.
Good morning - I am interested in the Boone dining table, white.
Is there also a 230cm version in large?
We have all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories in our online shop kitchenpoint.de.
We generally check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new SMEG coffee machine brings freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and minimalist design, the plastic surface in matt colours in combination with the matt-brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG coffee machine with milk frother a design object.
The reduced design means that all functions such as grind size and water volume, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, ristretto or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steam plant, coffee-milk and milk foam specialities can also be prepared.
Help with first campaign
Boron, hello!
I'm currently DMing a 4-player adventure over the Greifenpass for a group of friends, and I want to seamlessly transition them into a campaign I've written specifically for them.
We are playing DSA 5.
The big arc is in place, the villains and their motivations written, the individual acts conceived, and now I'm in the process of writing the introductory adventure and I'm already stumbling over my own feet.
The premise is that the heroes are to transport a wagon of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near the Thuran Lake.
That is where the rest of the action will take place.
A group of goblins are said to be lying in wait for the hero a few miles from the village, luring him into an ambush.
I want to give the player characters the opportunity to resolve the confrontation in different ways: persuade, act, threaten, recognize the danger early on, whatever the players come up with.
Group strength: 8 common goblins, 2 with spears, 6 with bows and swords
When unseen, the goblins ambush the heroes in a hollow way and flank the wagon with three archers on each side, while two spearmen stop the wagon.
If the fight comes and the heroes lose, I have two solutions
1. The heroes all fall unconscious and are subsequently found by the son of the village schoolmaster, a half-elf, and healed.
The cart is, of course, gone.
2. If defeat is inevitable, then this half-elf intervenes with two of his servants and comes to the hero's aid in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is fine.
How do you feel about Deus ex Machina from Solution 2?
Is the encounter too much of a jumping-off point for the adventure?
The group of goblins will later play an important role, so they are not just cannon fodder.
EDIT: wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially not so many great suggestions and tips.
I will definitely take many of your ideas on board and I now have more confidence in my narratives.
I took the lamp apart again.
And put back together again.
Sadly, it still doesn't work.
That's why I would still like to send them back
Can you then send the receipts to come, then I can pack the lamp and bring it to #PRS_ORG#.
Shipping costs and time saved - and at the same time relieve the environment!
If you need more than one article, please click on "Now Pay" when you have all the articles in your shopping cart.
Therefore, the combined shipping will be automatically calculated and you will receive everything in one package.
By doing this, you save yourself the multiple purchase/payment and the environment is happy, as no unnecessary shipping material and no unnecessary fuel is used for the delivery of multiple packages.
Fast delivery with DHL, DPD and the German Post!
In general, we will dispatch your order on receipt of payment by 2pm on the same working day.
In order for your package to arrive as quickly as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that your name is on your mailbox and your doorbell.
Do you want us to send your package to a packstation?
Then please choose DHL, because only DHL can deliver to DHL parcel stations.
We will send you an email with the tracking number if you have selected DHL or DPD as the shipper.
So you can check where your package is from around 22:00.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be happy if you rated us positively and gave us five stars in the detail ratings.
If, for any reason, you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, we would be grateful if you would contact us before leaving a review.
Only then do we have the chance to do everything we can to make you happy.
We didn't do anything to the chair.
Suddenly, the crack was there
I was just sitting there
Here the bottom part, so to speak, the part with storage space, was damaged.
Will everything be picked up again or just the storage space?
I'm fed up with Sky Sports F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the course of the season, the quality of the German Sky has decreased so much that I want to use this post to clear the air a bit.
First of all, the transmission was interrupted in the middle of the F2 race to start the F1 pre-race coverage on time.
Although the delayed start and the start accident put the schedule far behind the planning, the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision (!) could still have been shown.
It seems, however, that for legal reasons, F1 has priority and everything else has to be restricted, so Sky DE probably had no choice.
Still dumb, though, especially as Sky UK carried the race to its conclusion.
Still, a small compliment: the commentator Olivier Zwartyes has accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Then there was another rule infringement by the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, who did not know that you can change tyres under a red flag.
Although this situation has already occurred in Imola, Baku and Silverstone this year, both only came to the conclusion that Verstappen could change his tyres after receiving radio messages about this topic to Hamilton.
Both commentators at Sky UK and RTL knew right away that Verstappen had this option.
I think that such basic rules should just be known if you comment on the F1 at a pay-TV channel.
It's also not the first time there's been confusion about what's allowed or required, they just have constant uncertainty about the rules.
In general, Roos' artificial commentary style does not appeal to me, but I have to admit that it is a matter of taste.
But I really like Heiko Wasser from RTL better.
There are also constant jokes that just make both of them look unprofessional, like ordering coffee from (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" from Ralf Schumacher.
The latter in particular brings a lot of turmoil to the comment, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Sky's advertising is getting out of hand, with Sky being the only broadcaster to go to commercials in the closing stages, as one can hear on F1TV, where the German commentary has to do without commentary after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do this.
Also, these two stations make less advertising than Sky, and that as a free-to-air broadcaster.
It is true that Glock and Baumgartner should be praised for their work, but that alone does not make me overlook the disadvantages.
Sky Sport F1's other programming is also very thin and full of repeats.
Sky is really the worst German-language broadcaster to show F1.
Unironically, RTL does a better job with the four races they are allowed to broadcast.
So, in any case, the grandiose F1 season is much less fun than it would be with a reasonable broadcaster.
I'd be interested to hear your opinion.
Here: #PRS_ORG# pendant light, brass and multi-coloured glass x 1
Hello, I have an article that was supposed to be delivered last week and is still not delivered.
I have contacted the chat twice and nothing has happened.
The First Lady told me it will be sent out on Monday, the Second Lady told me she would check and send an email and she never responded.
Hello, I ordered two #PRS_ORG# on 12.12.19.
One of them has already shown a defect (the fabric has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I need help.
Air pumps are excellent for supplementing an aquarium with oxygen.
It is also possible to operate a filter system with air lifters.
This series is offered in 3 variants by us.
Look at the end of the offer to see the table.
There, you can see the services in comparison.
If the pumps are strong enough, you can run entire facilities with them.
If you have a large aquarium, you will need a pump with 2 or more outlets so that you can connect multiple outflows.
The MK series has one, two or four outlets, depending on the model, but fans can also be used to set an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with a curtain of air (available in our shop) or with decor that turns the air bubbles into a function.
Here, a treasure chest, shell or something similar would be mentioned.
The MK series has a special, sound-dampened construction and so contributes to low operating noise.
The installation is very easy.
The fan pump is connected to a 4/6 mm air hose to an outlet such as a nozzle or the like...and it's ready to go.
The pump should be the same height, or higher than the water level, and should be mounted externally.
If the pump is lower than the water level, a backflow valve should be placed between the pump and the water.
Just cut the hose and put the valve in between.
This would prevent water flowing backwards, which would stop the water from the pool running through the pump...
If the fan pump is to be installed outdoors, it should be covered and protected from moisture, like other air pumps
The MK series pumps are pure powerhouses that consume little energy
Even though we list the processing time here on eBay as 3 days, the parcels are packed daily and the parcels are collected daily.
If everything goes well on the way, it goes very quickly.
We just want to take a little precaution, so that no one gets upset, just because it took a little longer than usual.
It would be so, not everyone understands that there are so many employees who also work in logistics...of course, Corona doesn't stop here.
Please do not rate poorly just because the delivery is delayed, this is solely the fault of the courier services.
Of course, we like to complain about these services, even though we're saying...they're having a tough time right now
This is also very different regionally.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times.
How long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrests?
Could you also order the legs in light here?
Amazon founder Bezos sends astronaut daughter and moderator into space
The daughter of the first American in space, a TV presenter and four other passengers have taken a short trip into space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin, founded by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
The ten-minute flight took off and landed in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a blazing blue sky, Bezos personally greeted the newly minted astronauts upon their return.
Welcome back," Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, said as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
Under the applause of friends, family members and Blue Origin employees, the six passengers climbed out one by one and embraced the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were ten minutes and 13 seconds underway and reached an altitude of 10,700 meters.
The 74-year-old Laura Shepard Churchley, daughter of the 1961 Nasa astronaut Alan Shepard (1923-1998), after whom the rocket system of Blue Origin is named, and the 50-year-old TV moderator Michael Strahan were honorary guests of the company, the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not disclose how much each paid for their tickets.
Laura Shepard Churchley recalled the mission of her father after the short flight.
He said he had worked hard and had to do everything himself.
She just went along with it, the 74-year-old said with a laugh.
Michael Strahan was also impressed.
He would like to go back into space as soon as possible, the moderator said.
New Shepard flies up to 100 kilometres high
The New Shepard rocket system flies largely autonomously.
The capsule detached from the rocket during the flight and reached an altitude of around 100 kilometres above the Earth, at times experiencing weightlessness, before the reusable object was slowed down by large parachutes and landed.
The International Air Transport Association and many other experts see 100 kilometers above the Earth as the boundary to space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was Blue Origin's third crewed flight: The first, in July, saw Amazon founder Bezos himself on board, along with his brother Mark, a 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second one in October featured the 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, who became famous for his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek", as well as the former Nasa engineer Chris Boshuizen, the entrepreneur Glen de Vries and the deputy chief of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of pushing the business of space tourism largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without regard to the climate.
With the push of a button, you can easily choose whether your "Smart Stone" should shine permanently in one colour or play through its entire colour spectrum.
Colour-changing, the light bulb retains a light colour for around one minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative colour.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" lighting fixture is tested all year round outdoors.
In snowy surroundings, their light is particularly effective – provided that the days do not get any shorter. In this case, it is only to be expected that the lighting time will be shortened.
Please just make sure that no snow interferes with the solar panel's function in the winter.
The "Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the common Mignon (AA) format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can purchase a suitable replacement battery via our webshop, which will extend the lifespan of your Dekoleuchte even further.
High gloss effect spray that gives smooth surfaces a chrome-like appearance.
Appropriate for all smooth surfaces, especially for wheel design, wheel spokes, lacquered plastic parts after appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR is offering for the first time a chrome spray that is both wipe- and weather-resistant.
The optimal effect is achieved on black substrates, for example by priming with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single dose and in a set including Effect Primer and a dusting cloth for optimal preparation of the paintwork.
For use on metal, wood, glass, lacquered hard plastics, stone.
Perfect, that's right :) do I need to add anything else?
All you need is the tracking number in my mail?
Someone who works in biochemistry or is studying biochemistry
I am currently in my first semester of biochemistry and I find the subject itself quite interesting and the laboratory doesn't bother me (I have already done the inorganic chemistry practical).
Of course, I have also researched career prospects before starting my studies, but I also thought at the time that I would definitely complete my PhD.
At the moment, however, I am having doubts, especially depressing me are the career prospects.
On the one hand (Studycheck etc) you hear super career opportunities and the job is totally sought after, on the other hand you hear of unemployed biologists and incredibly poorly paid jobs.
So, I'm really interested to see:
1) What are you working on at the moment?
2) Are you happy with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/what qualifications do you have?
4) Would you do it all again?
Thanks for your answers!
I am currently really unsure and am considering ending my studies in 2022 and becoming an IT specialist.
If you have any experience with this, please feel free to share it.
Extra stress ahead of holiday and weekend breaks
This topic came up last week with me.
I had to use my long weekend to relax.
That's why it's only now that we're adding a post.
Not only during big holidays, such as the Christmas holidays, there is a lot of stress in our company.
It seems that there is also one on holidays and bridging days.
It was, in fact, so: Last week was the feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, which we call "Ascension" in Switzerland.
On Friday, most people and businesses take a half-day holiday, which is semi-official.
So last weekend was a long 4-day weekend.
So what happened last week?
Everywhere, stress.
Lots of e-mails that had to be dealt with urgently, orders here, orders there, everything *urgent* before the long weekend.
Because... well, because?
Because "next week then" sounds like so much time has passed and that can't be right?
Or because people really want to do so much in a shortened week as they would in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but I was also really annoyed.
What is this self-imprisonment because of holidays?
Why do we have holidays if we can't enjoy them properly?!
The stress did not come from above, the colleagues were all quite independent like that.
My question is simply: Are we the only ones like this, the Swiss?
Is this our reformed-evangelical way?
Or do you know this in the north as well?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian home - but she hasn't bought any presents yet.
“The good thing is, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, you can just go to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest,” said the actress and singer to Hit Radio FFH.
She will get into the spirit of the holiday by baking and decorating cookies with her son.
I love it," Catterfeld said.
Until the festive days, however, she still has a lot to do: "For the first time, I don't have any gifts, I have to get started now".
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth moult and feather regrowth.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements and 200,000 µg of biotin/kg.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of feather damage occurring in poultry production is due to nutritional deficiencies.
Since the feathers are made of protein-rich substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein-rich diet of the bird is necessary for the formation of a perfect feather coat.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily diet must contain enough vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
Most of the bird losses that occur during the molt are due to inadequate or imbalanced protein intake and/or inadequate provision of vitamins and minerals.
The unfavourable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feeds is explicitly taken into account and balanced in the composition of NEKTON-Bio.
During the application of NEKTON-Bio, no other vitamin preparation should be administered.
NEKTON-Bio is cold water soluble and can be easily administered through drinking water or soft food.
Thanks, I found it
It still doesn't work
East German model of Altbau E-Lok E 95 03 DRG/ DR, the locomotive was used in Silesia and Mitteldeutschland, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railroad enthusiast ME Heft 11/1968, used with play marks and missing parts, the locomotive works well, the E 95 series is a heavy freight train electric locomotive of the German Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), which was designed for the traction of heavy coal trains in the Silesian network, possibly the set comes from the small series manufacturer ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and is operational
The German Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft had commissioned the AEG in 1924 to submit proposals for an electric locomotive that could haul 2,200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains at 45 km/h (28 mph) on this line.
The maximum speed was 65 km/h.
Therefore, the DRG decided in March 1926 to deliver the 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with AEG Tatzlager drive with the mechanical part, and Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
Six locomotives were delivered between December 1927 and June 1928, which received the operating numbers E 95 01–06.
All of them survived the Second World War and found themselves on the territory of the future GDR afterwards.
In 1946, the locomotives were transferred to the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany in November 1952.
In the Reichsbahn repair workshop in Dessau, all six locomotives were found to be worthy of restoration.
In the course of the reelectrification of the middle German network, a growing demand for locomotives for the heavy freight service emerged. In 1959, the three locomotives E 95 01 to E 95 03 were overhauled, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts donors.
Initially, the E 04, E 44 and E 94 locomotives, which were available in larger numbers, were preferred.
Only when it became clear that the number of processed cases could not be increased further on the E 94, did the E 95 come into the focus of the processing.
Initially, the locomotives were stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren railway depot.
They came to the Halle P railway depot in 1960.
They were usually used in their own timetable, mostly in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal towards Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
The increasingly complicated control of the locomotives proved problematic.
So it happened more often that the shooter stuck to the switches.
Then the foreman, who was always riding on this locomotive, had to release the shooter with a hammer and a wooden chisel while the train was in motion.
Damage to the traction motors occurred more often and led to months-long failures of the locomotive.
As enough new locomotives were available by the end of the 1960s and expansion of the electrified network was not planned at that time, the Reichsbahn could dispense with old locomotives and most splinter types, so that the E 95 were withdrawn from service.
In addition, the German Reichsbahn wanted to man only one-man electric locomotives, which would have been a problem in train operation due to the mentioned difficulties with the machines and the sight conditions from the driver's cab.
After the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were withdrawn in mid-1969, the last to be withdrawn was the E 95 01, which retired on 5 October 1970.
The intended new designation 255 001 was never used.
All locomotives were dismantled, with the exception of E 95 02.
The E 95 02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a track heating system at Halle Hauptbahnhof.
It took some time before the authorities at the Reichsbahn were convinced that the E 95 was worth preserving as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the locomotive underwent an initial external overhaul with the aim of presenting it at a vehicle show in the RAW Dessau.
Since then, it has been part of the Verkehrsmuseum Dresden as a non-operational museum locomotive.
In 1986, the locomotive was completed internally.
The locomotive is cared for in the DB Museum Halle (Saale).
Since 1995, employees of the Traditionsgemeinschaft Bw Halle P have been working on the operational rehabilitation of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was first presented to a museum exhibition at the Bw Arnstadt with a new inner and outer paint job, where the transformers were checked and five traction motors were operational.
The locomotives were in service on the Silesian Mountain Railway and its branch lines until 1945, where they proved their reliability and low maintenance requirements.
In February 1945, the machines were transferred to Leipzig to be incorporated into the Mitteldeutsche Netz.
Initially, the main area of operation was Silesia.
H0 model in OVP, good function, optical repairs are necessary on the locomotive, dusty, with play marks, musty smell !!!, very rare handmade model, very small edition - perhaps the kit was also made by the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may have labels and warehouse marks.
Yes, the F-parts are it
I have received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with one part.
The beam is held by two feet...unfortunately, these are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What do we do now?
I can't put the bed together.
The beam is held by two feet, which are unfortunately faulty.
The middle bar does not fit into the designated slot.
So I get new ones sent.
When will they be sent out?
No, no flat ones.
These are, according to the assembly instructions, the right ones, they were just too narrow
But that's okay.
As long as they do their job
They're not flat on me
Could I get these sent to me?
Hello #NAME#, do you need me to explain the problem again?
House fire with two lightly injured and high damage
Two people were slightly injured in a fire in a residential building in Upper Bavaria.
In addition, a six-figure damage is estimated to have been caused, the police reported on Sunday.
The fire had spread from a carport to the adjacent house in Kinsau (Landkreis Landsberg am Lech).
Two residents were reportedly taken to hospital with minor smoke inhalation on Sunday.
The exact cause of the fire was initially unknown, but the police did not suspect arson.
The Criminal Investigation Department of Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigations.
But that comes much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To counter fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccination photo
Uğur Şahin published a photo of his first vaccination on the social network "LinkedIn" in early 2021
Biontech CEO Uğur Şahin has not made any public statements about his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur has published a photo showing his COVID-19 vaccination.
The illness of a friend had prompted him to do so, Şahin said.
The CEO and co-founder of Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing him receiving a vaccination against the coronavirus.
On social media, there were false claims that I was not vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I have received three doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," wrote Sahin on Friday in a post on the LinkedIn network.
For several months, friends have been urging me to post a photo of me getting vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
So far, he has rejected this, because the communication should not revolve around him.
But a call last week changed his mind: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting a severe Covid-19 infection and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family are not vaccinated, wrote Şahin.
He didn't ask why.
The most common cause, however, appears to be fear, which is often stoked by misinformation and mistrust.
Fear is hard to fight with facts, sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
Online, there is an interview with Deutsche Welle in which Uğur Şahin says he is not vaccinated.
However, the video was created in December 2020, as Deutsche Welle itself clarified.
I am not allowed to get the vaccine myself at the moment, said Sahin then.
There is a priority system for administering the vaccine in Germany.
Meanwhile, the priority has been lifted for a long time - and the Biontech boss has had himself vaccinated three times, according to his own statements.
Fire in transformer station: Thousands of people without power
In several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia, the lights went out on Friday evening: no electricity and in many cases, therefore, no heating.
A fire had knocked out a substation.
After a fire with severe damage in a transformer station, thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg district in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany had to go without electricity for 24 hours.
On Friday evening, 41,000 affected residents and residents lost their electricity in several communities.
Energy supplier Westnetz reported that on Saturday numerous emergency generators were in operation until the large-scale disruption was finally resolved late in the evening.
Firefighters and volunteers and volunteers from the THW provided support in the municipalities.
Authorities offered childcare in schools and called for neighborly help.
The supplier thanked the affected people for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very aware that the last 24 hours have brought significant disruption.
We also thank the affected municipalities, the district, the fire brigades and the THW for their untiring efforts," said the head of the department of primary technology, Florian Witt, in a statement on Saturday evening.
The repair work will take several days, he said, because the Westnetz technicians were only able to put some of the lines back into operation on a provisional basis.
A technical defect led to the fire, the company said.
Electricity is flowing again
The fire, which broke out around 7:15 p.m. on Friday, has reportedly damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchboard at the Neunkirchen-Seelscheid substation, according to Westnetz.
There are extensive cleaning and repair work needed there.
In parallel, a connection to a 30,000 volt voltage level has been created.
Thanks to this bypass, the power supply is again available.
Since Saturday 6pm, over 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had their power restored.
Another 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected at 21.30.
Since 10:15 p.m., the last people affected by the outage also have electricity.
More than 80 engineers from Westnetz and partner companies were on the job.
Authorities had also called for neighbourly help after setting up emergency power supplies for key buildings on Saturday afternoon.
It is now important that citizens take care of older or lonely people in their neighbourhood and inform the local fire stations if help is needed, explained Landrat Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
In particular, the residents of old people's homes were in focus when it came to setting up and operating emergency power generators.
In addition, temporary care places were set up in schools for those people who could not look after themselves or who needed electricity-dependent medical devices or medical care, according to authorities.
Hello!
Unfortunately, the ceiling is sold out in Germany.
Can I buy them from you and pay in Euros?
It is the blanket #PRS_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you have a nice day and stay healthy ♡
But I can't mount the base on the table top.
It is a custom called #NAME#.
There are three variations of this.
We wanted to get those with tabletops of #NUMBER#
we got a 155cm diameter.
Today my #PRS_ORG# came, but I cannot fold it in on itself and thus shorten it.
Can you help me with that?
Otherwise, I would have to send them back, as they are not suitable for that purpose.
I would appreciate a response
Yeah, it's really easier!
Then we'll do it that way!
Can you send me the return label by email?
The repair is now complete.
I had tried this before the chat.
Before the purchase, however, I had not restarted the E-#PRS_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I find it almost unbelievable that they are offering such a low rebate.
We are not in agreement with this
Nordic Combined: Riiber wins
The German Nordic Combined athletes Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid have climbed the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo had to concede defeat again to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started the cross-country race with a big lead after the ski jump.
Return of the order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be returned to my account?
Yes, we both have re-made it and are using version 4.5...
it could be that they have heard of the problem before
I bought a book directly from my #PRS_ORG#, it seems to be there.
When I try to open it, the message comes up, oh no!
This document could not be opened.
File may be faulty, report to customer service.
As far as I can tell, it is a #PRS_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me?
Chat connection is gone and now what?
I have to work in between!
To ensure that the colour application is even and clean, you should clean the parts with a little soap and water of dust, fat and fingerprints, rinse with clear water and dry.
Before you put the brush on the model for the first time with a new color, it is advisable to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the inside of the components that are no longer visible, or on a yogurt container.
The first mark on the component
Draw the brush stroke evenly, stroke by stroke.
The slight overlap of the colour layers later results in a uniform surface.
Avoid wiping back and forth with the brush.
This creates unrealistic-looking areas.
A model is not a fence.
Start with the light colors.
The dark ones could otherwise shine through later.
Metallic tones and metallic colours are applied at the end with a separate brush.
Otherwise, ugly metallic streaks can occur when they are mixed with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you glue them.
The models achieve their original appearance through the decals/stickers.
From aircraft insignia to ship names to trim and badges on automobile models, decals give the model the finishing touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order while the parts are still easy to reach.
An aircraft cockpit is easier to stick on before it is installed in the fuselage.
More important than the right tool, such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks, is the time, patience and a steady hand.
Cut each required decal individually and lay them out.
Decals are also known as wet-on-wet transfers because you moisten their backs with water until the transfer paper darkens.
Then, you just move the picture a little bit from the paper and place it on the corresponding spot on the model (which you have also previously moistened).
While holding the decal in place with a tool, pull the backing paper to the side.
Caution: Always check that the image is in the right place before completely removing it from the paper, so that it doesn't stick to your finger, crease or even tear.
Sweep excess water away with a damp cloth.
Not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book for a short time when I look for something else, then I can't read the book anymore and have to log in and log out and load the book again and search for the place where I have read until now.
On Saturday, I already communicated with you.
Can I get this by email?
Also for all 3 packages?
After all, the lamp came in 3 separate packages to me.
Thank you anyway!
I will buy elsewhere once the money is back.
Will I be able to get it back easily?
Treatment of infertility in private health insurance / What is a "case of insurance"?
Hello everyone,
We were in fertility treatment for a while, now that it comes to the billing with the PKV, this suddenly stands in the way.
Here's how:
We had applied for the fertility treatment at the PKV in advance and received the go-ahead for 3 attempts.
The experiments were not in any way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.) limited.
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was billed to the PKV.
A few months later, we tried for a second child, and underwent 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but had not yet deducted these from the PKV.
We applied again for the cost to be covered by the PKV and were granted 3 more attempts.
After a few more attempts (we did more attempts than agreed, of course the most expensive ones are deducted from the PKV), we submitted the invoices to the PKV and got the nasty surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV only wants to reimburse 3 attempts.
The reasoning: With the pregnancy/birth, the remaining 2 attempts of the first acceptance are forfeited.
The second child is a new insurance case.
According to the terms and conditions, however, "The insurance event begins with the treatment, and ends when treatment is no longer necessary."
The questions for the experts in the round here:
* Who is right, the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or us (5 attempts are reimbursed)?
* Did the PKV have to inform us that the further attempts would be forfeited with a birth?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
Infertility (caused by blocked tubes) is not cured by the first child.
It would be great if the experts here could give their opinion.
Thanks for your help already!
Could you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can best get back to them
Okay.
We will not be ordering anything from them anymore.
If they add up my and my friend #NAME# (same address) sales, they have clearly lost a good customer.
They can pass that on to their manager.
That is not competitive.
Yesterday my colleague told me that the repayment was triggered and now you are telling me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can't do anything about the fact that the chest of drawers is completely disturbed when it arrives at me.
Please see the screenshot of what the colleague wrote
It clearly states that the repayment was triggered and I still have not received a repayment from #PRS_ORG#
You can tell your manager that you've lost two regular customers.
My friend also ordered various pieces of furniture for our apartment through his account.
We will not do that anymore.
No, the defect only appeared after a few months.
A desk chair must be able to withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they are not allowed to sell them as office chairs.
Regardless, the guarantee is 24 months.
No, I am unable to obtain another type of packaging.
I will dismantle the cupboard and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_ORG#
These products are promoted with additional chairs that we are unfortunately unable to find at your location.
Can they help?
Weekly Theme: The Best Low Budget Films
What a low-budget film is exactly, there is no general definition with exact budget limits.
Wikipedia has this to say:
A *low-budget film* or *low-budget movie* is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
There are plenty of lists of low-budget films online, such as on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What attracts you to that?
And what do you not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, I have already furnished two apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to find out the best price for the grey leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is this now also reliable?
Thank you
Yours sincerely
If there is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30 minutes is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing has changed in the waiting position...I will soon give up again, because it just doesn't work here.
Hello
Half-victory against Belarus comes at a high cost for the EU
According to the political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can announce a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
However, the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at Belarus's border with Poland and Lithuania, Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
The EU has not resolved the confrontation in a sustainable way, the researcher at the Berlin-based Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik (SWP) explained.
This state of limbo - Belarus is not quite a loser, but the EU feels like a winner - is likely to continue for a while.
The way people are treated at the border is not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights, ruled Bossong.
There appears to be a "growing normalisation of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole is not opposed to this, it is at the expense of fundamental rights.
This development also weakened the cohesion in the Union.
It can apparently not assert itself when a member state decides to do its own thing, as is currently the case with Poland, which does not even allow the EU border protection agency Frontex access to the border.
In addition, the EU pays a further price for its policy at the border with Belarus, Bossong said: A basic agreement on asylum policy is made more difficult because the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Repeat attempt to cross the border
Meanwhile, according to reports from Poland's Border Guard, migrants have again tried to enter Polish territory from Belarus.
Fifty-five migrants were detained and returned to the border overnight on Sunday, a spokeswoman for the agency said on Sunday.
Polish officials were reportedly pelted with stones by migrants near the town of Czeremsza.
According to the reports, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
In total, the border guards registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
A group of 28 migrants had already crossed the border on Friday evening.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukaschenko, the ruler of Minsk, of luring them with the prospect of entering the EU.
Poland and Lithuania reportedly sealed off sections of the border.
The EU sanctioned Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
In addition, EU Commissioners travelled to the countries of origin of the people to prevent them from leaving.
The most effective element of the EU's response was the pressure on the airlines, said Bossong.
Here, the EU has thrown its market power onto the scales and demonstrated its determination to operate with hard-hitting sanctions and extraterritorial sanctions.
Minsk must also take into account internal political costs.
It seems that Belarusian society is not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly passes thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes protests after controversial Formula 1 finale
Max Verstappen, according to Mercedes, committed two rule infractions during the race.
Abu Dhabi - Mercedes has lodged an appeal after the controversial Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi.
The Silver Arrows suspect two rule violations in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to an alleged infringement by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase, when he allegedly overtook illegally.
A second appeal was lodged against the result at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed correctly.
Verstappen had overtaken Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes on the last lap and had raced to his first Formula 1 title.
The manoeuvre occurred shortly after the end of a Safety Car phase in which the Dutchman had overtaken the cars in front of him.
I'll check that out.
I'm speaking to the bank and I'll be in touch with you
Thanks for the support
Free entry for members: Europa-Park hosts SC Freiburg fantag
The Europa-Park, the namesake of the Europa-Park Stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited the SC Freiburg to its Fantag.
As the park reports, members and permanent card holders of the Sport-Club from the Breisgau, as well as members of the fan community, were able to visit the Europa-Park for free on this day.
In addition, there were vouchers for drinks and sausages.
The roller coasters were lit up in red and white on this day.
Foxes, Ed the European Hedgehog and many red and white balloons provided the perfect backdrop, the park said.
The collaboration between the Bundesliga club and the Rust amusement park, 40 kilometres north of Freiburg, has existed since the early 1990s.
The first SC Freiburg Fantag in the Europa-Park has shown once again how well the partnership fits.
Seeing the beaming fans having fun on the roller coaster confirms it," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
Why is it €#NUMBER# and not like originally 1699€?
Phases in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Max Verstappen from the Netherlands is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen has done it.
The Dutchman wins his first World Championship in his seventh year in Formula 1 with Red Bull.
His way to the top of the King's class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen lost the karting world championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen left him annoyed at a petrol station on the way back.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the following car.
2014, England: Red Bull's junior team gets a promising successor in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old is following in the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
He will initially continue in European Formula 3.
2015, Australia: Verstappen started at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest driver in the history of the Grand Prix.
Due to a technical defect, he has to retire his Toro Rosso prematurely in Melbourne.
2015, Malaysia: The then Toro Rosso driver Verstappen was also the youngest driver to score points in Formula 1 at the age of 17 years and 180 days.
Verstappen places seventh in Sepang at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
2016, Spain: Verstappen wins in his first race for Red Bull.
At 18 years and 228 days, he will be the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his first pole in Budapest - he's not the youngest.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit is reached.
Verstappen, 24, celebrates his first world title at the Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi - with an overtaking manoeuvre against Hamilton in the final round. dpa
I had already had a huge argument with you #NUMBER# when I ordered the #PRS_ORG# commode.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Daheim"
As part of the LiteraTour Nord reading series, author Judith Hermann read from her latest novel "Daheim" on Friday in the Blue Note, which was sold out, and also acted as moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house by the sea and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I submitted a return request form yesterday, but have not received an email confirmation or anything similar.
My question would be whether my request has been fulfilled.
Not everyone has the time for your crazy chat and the wrongly delivered cheap goods from China.
Your mistake, which you correct and not all from our house.
Contact Mrs. #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day
We chatted yesterday and agreed that I/Ms #NAME# would receive an email with a £60 voucher, a repeat order of the #PRS_ORG# nightstand and a return label.
This email has not yet been received.
The package wants to deliver to #PRS_ORG# today.
Please contact me
Yours sincerely
The LokSound 5 decoder can play up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved here with up to 16 bits / 31250 kHz and offers finally HiFi quality on your system.
There is practically no difference to the original to be heard.
A Class-D audio amplifier with up to 3W output power controls the speakers, which can have an impedance of between 4 Ohms and 32 Ohms.
The huge 128 Mbit sound buffer provides enough capacity.
All individual sounds can be individually adjusted in terms of volume.
The super-flexible sound engine without a rigid timetable allows for the precise simulation of all possible rail vehicles.
Three individually adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry, but just because he says he is not an anti-Semite, that does not mean anything.
It's like when an AfDler says he has nothing against foreigners.
They won't admit it to each other.
But Kollegah reproduces antisemitic messages over and over again.
If you want to distance yourself, then you should just leave it alone.
Yes, wow, then you are just as little to be taken seriously as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously questions the general principles of evolution is just completely lost.
For the sake of a god, the whole thing has been set in motion.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe that the Earth is 10,000 years old and that science is just a bunch of nonsense.
And that makes you a science denier, and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
To get the best field of vision, the magnifying glass should be as close as possible to the eye.
The specially apochromatic-achromatic designed lens system allows you to use the binoculars practically without distortion and color errors up to the edge zone.
Lenses are often marked with magnification figures.
These figures are only valid under exactly defined conditions, which seldom correspond to the usage conditions.
To get the most out of your loupe, please take note of the information in the "Technical Data" table (see the instructions in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the surfaces of all optical devices, including impact binoculars.
Through an anti-reflective coating, these reflections are significantly reduced.
If the optimal use conditions are met - a loupe close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the accompanying user manual (available in German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Lens Check Card Magnifier Pocket Magnifier Reading Lens Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid for on the go or simply for the everyday minutiae: the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
And their hard shell makes them robust against the special stresses of everyday life.
Each magnifying glass comes with a check card holder for storage and safe transport.
They offer these parts that you see in the pictures or under "What do you offer?"
What condition is the item in?
Of course, everyone can make a mistake once in a while, because no one is perfect - if this happens, just write a message and it will be resolved to your full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund, or full refund).
You will get a proper invoice.
Shipping is always done, unless otherwise requested by the buyer, insured with a shipping number by DHL!
The individual shipping costs can be found in the above shipping conditions.
There are no additional handling fees.
OK, everyone says, how can I find out more?
Yes, both the email address
#PRS_ORG will I do very nice and good service, it took a long time to get to a person, you were super
Hello dear #PRS_ORG# team,
I have already contacted you under customer service with the number #PHONENUMBER#.
Yes, but it was said before.
They cannot ship to #PRS_ORG# from England.
Christmas tree sales in Schönwolde: In the community of Krembz, women search for Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has experienced some curious situations when selling Christmas trees.
Once a man even drove home without his partner, because they couldn't agree on anything.
Every year he plants about 2000 of them.
The 56-year-old has already experienced some curious situations.
That makes the pre-Christmas season a bit funny, he says.
And the voucher?
Otherwise, I'm going to leave as a customer!
After all, I received a defective delivery and now I have to pay the full price.
Then I will rate it accordingly!
We don't need to have a discussion about which is better, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both are made of meat that is grilled on a rotating spit.
And both have their names for that reason.
In English, an equivalent might be something like a "turnover," which doesn't sound nearly as tasty.
Problems with fiber optics + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fibre optic connection in the house for a few weeks now.
Unfortunately, I am now having trouble building a stable WiFi network.
Before that, I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which, with the exception of a few failures, transmitted and received 50 Mbit flawlessly.
The new fibre optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and the DLan module, which is connected to the FritzBox, also receives these.
However, at the other DLan module that sends the WiFi signal, the full 500 does not come through, but the more I move away from the module (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module), the less comes through (i.e. use a socket that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
This means that the internet with the new fibre optic connection is now even slower in the first floor than before (~45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than DLan, but there were also large losses here.
Could someone explain to me why so much internet speed is lost through the power line with fiber optic cable?
And is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely expensive to lay LAN cables in that house.
I'm really at my wit's end, which is why I created an extra account here.
Therefore, I would be even more pleased to receive an answer.
When it's time to switch your current account
Who would have thought that now there would be peace with the current accounts? They have been deceived.
While many banks have used the autumn to get their customers to confirm the fee increases of the past once again, the free amounts for negative interest rates are also falling.
For example, the Deutsche Bank was considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she has halved the allowance and quadrupled it for savings accounts.
In the first step, the limit was only lowered for customers of the Postbank subsidiary - to 50,000 euros for current and savings accounts and 25,000 euros for savings accounts.
However, these lower thresholds now apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesperson confirmed on request.
And not just for new contracts, but also for "new individual agreements with existing customers".
The Commerzbank had already gone down to a limit of 50,000 euros, which still applies, as does at the ING Deutschland.
The direct bank DKB, which is popular with cost-conscious customers, has lowered the free allowance in two stages, first to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
At least: More than 100 banks now have a free allowance of 25,000 euros or less, according to figures from internet portal Verivox.
The Sparda Bank Berlin has also reached 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centres, which in the first instance won the case against this regulation before the Landgericht Berlin.
Now, banks are already discussing whether they should set aside reserves - in case the higher courts declare negative interest rates to be unlawful, and many millions of bank customers have to be refunded.
The table was delivered for 8 people instead of the one for 6.
The base is that for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston employs a whole beauty army
She is now officially at the top of Hollywood.
But their lives are like a rollercoaster.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was voted the most influential woman of the year by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter".
For her, who made a splash in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show", this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and hard work.
A whole army of assistants, stylists and trainers look after their appearance.
At least, so Aniston, she allows herself a chip a day (yes, that's right: just ONE chip from the packet).
That their hearts still soar equally among female and male fans is, in fact, a miracle.
Maybe because she just has bad luck with the luck - and is still looking for the big love.
And the baby wish has been removed from the list.
Previously, she was constantly asked when she was going to become a mother.
It hurt her.
The people who asked that question have no idea what's going on with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
It is hoped that success and fame will also make people happy.
Unworthy end of a career: Räikkönen has to give up
Kimi Räikkönen's departure from Formula 1 was quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a light touch of the barrier, Räikkönen had to stop his Alfa Romeo after less than half of the race distance at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
It was his 349th and final Grand Prix, the "Iceman" is ending his career in the motorsport king class.
His wife Minttu and the two children also travelled to the United Arab Emirates for the farewell.
Kimi Räikkönen's greatest achievement was winning the World Championship in 2007 with Ferrari.
He won 21 Grand Prix, started 18 times from pole and came 103 times onto the podium. dpa
Friedrich wins 60th World Cup win - Nolte wins in the two-man bob - Sports
The brand of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 successes is the goal of the bobsled pilot.
I have done the calculations, I would have to win nine and a half races per season, then I could make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who won two victories in two days at the races in Winterberg.
On Saturday, he defended the attack from Johannes Lochner by five hundredths of a second, moving from third to first.
Then he changed the material setting and drove on Sunday with 0.3 seconds ahead.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle), he beat the Brit Brad Hall.
Third was the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
We took a risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also notched up his 22nd win in a row.
The Berchtesgadener Johannes Lochner, who was travelling to Stuttgart, came in fifth after finishing second in the previous race.
Christoph Hafer from the BC Bad Feilnbach finished in eighth place after fourth place in the first race.
If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do it too," Lochner said.
Nolte with home win - Podium for Jamanka
Laura Nolte won her third season victory in the women's two-woman bob.
After finishing in fourth place the day before in the monobob, she raced to the world cup victory with pusher Deborah Levi on Sunday in the German triple success.
Olympic two-woman bob champion Mariama Jamanka from the BRC Thuringia came in second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
She recorded her first podium finish of the winter.
Wiesbaden's Kim Kalicki and Leonie Fiebig landed in third place.
For me, it was super cool to be on the podium in the World Cup, I am super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I am super happy with the development.
There is still a lot of potential, but the start times today were okay," said Burghardt and stressed: "It is not just pushing, but there is a lot to do around it as well."
Jamanka was a little annoyed by the not-quite-perfect rides, but said: "It's going in the right direction."
I had the duvet in my basket and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I did not receive it and therefore could not redeem it, which is why I finally asked about it.
Last year, I had completely different problems due to Corona and never had the time for it.
And now he's expired, which has really pissed me off.
Check out the chat it was about the Asare bench.
I want to return it and then order it again, since it's on sale right now :)
Why is the delivery only starting on 16.3.?
Nothing on your website indicated such a long delivery time
No, unless I type it in, there's an extra field with the message
Was taken yesterday by your colleague.
Why is this a problem today?
I also sent you pictures of the wrong item that was delivered.
But we still want the shelf module, just a new, undamaged one
And not cancel the whole order.
Only this day, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear wonderful ladies and girls and women,
I have a lot of things I just want to write and maybe it goes for one or the other as well...
I'm 24, have PTSD, full-time student and dog mama - aside from the fact that my dog doesn't scream or go to kindergarten, he's basically my child.
My friend (together for 6 years) is sick, got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and has been depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
I visited him yesterday because I also have emotional needs and I want to see and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was nice.
I helped him with his shower (because his hand was in a bandage due to a burn).
He is also cold and we are seeing each other less (1-2 times a week) which is causing me a lot of trouble with my needs for affection and love.
My puppy has just had a tummy ache, I cooked for him and now he's in his cosy blanket and has relaxed a bit after I was there with the heat lamp and stroking him.
I live alone with my sister and my mother, and she's away for a month.
Now we also have to do some housework, which we will of course share.
But even cooking for myself is a lot of work for me...
My PTSD is in a good place at the moment, I'm halfway through therapy and I'm getting by.
Not good, but I'm getting by and almost symptom-free.
My university is asking a lot of me at the moment (for me), tomorrow at 3pm I have a written test that I haven't done anything for and the day after I have an anatomy class that I should prepare for a bit.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes after that is in my calendar and not in my head because there is no room for it in my head anymore.
So my week is: Only until tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But after that, it goes on?
Only until the birthday.
Only until the start of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed that I need these mental anchors, otherwise I'm not going to do it.
I feel guilty and "chaotic" somehow, but I can't do it any other way...
Do you feel the same way?
Honestly, I am endlessly grateful that I don't have to work.
I am really endlessly grateful, I can't even put it into words.
I don't know if I would have survived otherwise.
I think that has a lot to do with women's mental load and that's why I thought I would find fellow sufferers here...
I wish you a restful evening, the week is almost over!
I received my order today, unfortunately the other side is a different colour plus the surface is scratched and the table leg has a mark.
The first delivery was exactly as on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!
What can you offer me?
If we now change the table, will I get another colour or something?
The cancellation email was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
In the meantime, twice.
However, this was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I found out in school that many religion teachers do not believe in God and it is just another subject like maths or geography for them.
For me, it was always a bit strange, perhaps because I was brought up as a Christian and I always somehow believed it.
How do you feel about that?
Maybe you can also tell stories about your work and/or study colleagues with different attitudes.
In general, I understand the difference between private and professional and it is sensible to separate them.
There is also a curriculum, etc.
But I would find it just as strange to have a physics teacher who didn't believe in relativity theory.
What makes one want to teach religion if one does not believe in it?
Culture or something like that?
Hope your question is not too personal.
Can it not be changed or not?Write in English, I understand that too.
That's been a long time ago, so I'd avoid it
Thanks, that's good.
I expect to receive a response in the near future, at the latest by the beginning of next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Film search, please
Hello dear people,
I'm looking for a film from my childhood (I'm 24).
I think it was a film for teenagers.
There are two timelines (or parallel worlds) in the film.
On the one hand, the modern world (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the realm of the dead)(not quite sure).
As I can't describe it in real life, there is a young woman.
And in the land of the dead, a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, the paths cross and an action takes place.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the land of the dead who wants to bring the woman to this land so that he can live for himself, I think.
I think the transition is also the grave of the soldier.
In the end, I think the two soldiers are fighting against each other.
If it means anything to you, I am grateful for any response.
Our little one has slept on her tummy from week 1.
Fast forward: still alive!
Relax.
A child can take a lot more than you think.
Make sure everything around it is right, no cuddly toys, go in more often and look but no minutes observation.
That makes you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always a blanket.
Watch your child when they sleep.
Does it turn its head to the side?
Can it lift itself up from the belly?
Or is it with the face forward, directly on the mattress?
This can tell you if everything is okay.
We have all grown up and when my husband was born, it was common practice to lay the kids on their tummies to sleep.
Also, we are already "regular customers" of yours and have already bought many articles from you.
But why are you offering me only 20EUR?
Hello, I have already written to a colleague of yours yesterday and have not received any response.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right-wing drawer doesn't fit in the cabinet.
I would like to hear from you as soon as possible.
The cabinet is currently not in use.
To put it bluntly.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be held up.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It's just that the politics of this channel are now so utterly disgusting.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then to go on a begging tour at the same time.
It was said to be an "independent" internet broadcaster.
Arno quotes: "We don't want to be a running billboard."
What do we do now?
A 0815 advertising station, trying to bring its BilloMerch to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's and Don'ts.
Naturally, they apply to everyone, except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they can continue to insult people.
A Krogmann who lacks any empathy and tries to make a mess of the action by blowing up the rented premises.
How can you all be so positive about this?
Great if you like it, I find it horrible.
I would like to request a callback as my delivered wooden table was defective.
Corpus break due to damaged delivery of #PRS_ORG#.
Whether as a comfort for an upset stomach or just for cuddling, my little warm friend is versatile.
Cherry pits are a traditional home remedy for soothing warmth applications, as cherry pits absorb heat very well and can release it in a controlled manner.
The removable inner cushion can be easily warmed in the microwave or oven.
The soft cover makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the little ones feel safe, even when they are not feeling so well.
The cherry kernel cushion with cover is only suitable for the following applications as a heat pad:
Before warming the blanket, check for unusual odours, stains or burn marks and dispose of immediately if present.
Please remove the inner cushion from the cover before warming it up!
In the microwave at max. 300 Watts for max. 2 minutes (follow the microwave manufacturer's instructions!).
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then, place the inner cushion back into the cover.
In the first heating, there may be a slight moisture formation at the surface, which disappears after repeated applications.
Always follow the given heating instructions, as longer times or higher energy outputs can cause damage (fire and burn hazard!).
Check that a heating of the pillow in the microwave is allowed before heating of grain products according to the manufacturer's instructions.
After the heated inner cushion has been placed back into the cover, please check the temperature of the cushion to see if it is suitable for babies (max. 43 °C) on your arm!
Do not use the pillow for acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish illnesses, circulatory problems, fresh haematomas, bruises, haematomas and open wounds, as well as persons with reduced pain sensitivity.
If you have existing skin, heart, vein, diabetes or tumour conditions, or are pregnant, please consult your doctor before use.
If seams have opened and loose kernels are escaping, dispose of the product and loose kernels immediately and out of reach of children.
If the product is used on babies under 1 year of age, the temperature of the child should be checked regularly during application to exclude overheating!
All serious adverse events associated with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority of the country in which the user is located.
The cover is removable and can be washed at 30 °C in the washing machine.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second in the first half of the season - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 can dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working its way out of the relegation zone.
It is not going well for Ingolstadt either under the third coach.
Jubilation in Darmstadt after the late win in the top game, joy in Hannover over interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the failed start under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Yesterday evening my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and about 3 years old) would no longer be charged by my power supply.
I bought this about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought that the power supply alone would be enough to operate.
Nothing doing, the battery is flat and the laptop won't start even with the power supply plugged in.
I then removed the battery, but nothing happened.
Maybe you have some ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in network mode?
Is there something else wrong?
Thank you for your help!
I would like the delivery of #PRS_ORG# to my room.
How do I book it?
I am interested in the #PRS_ORG# chair.
But I don't know how high the seat is...
Are you often on tour and still have a lot of equipment with you?
With the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design, no problem!
The 20-litre capacity swallows up larger photography equipment without any problems, which can be safely stowed away using the padded FlexFold dividers.
And what else you need for everyday objects remains well organised and separate from the photo equipment thanks to practical access points in the individually configurable interior.
With the "Update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The stylish, minimalist design packs a punch - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack, while still providing instant access to photo gear in a matter of seconds.
It works in two ways: once conventionally via the lid flap, which can be secured with the MagLatch closure system, a well-thought-out solution for effective protection, which has already proven itself in the Messenger Bags.
The closure has a metal closure hook with matching anchor straps on the front of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "fill levels": there are four anchor bars, securely riveted, into which the closure hook can be inserted.
If the backpack is fully loaded, take the top bar, if it is more empty, a lower one.
The flap closure and hook are also magnetic.
This allows the backpack to be closed reliably without the hook catching.
The second option fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other photo backpacks: In addition to the flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of conventional backpacks with top access - you don't have to wade through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail increases the everyday usability of the backpack enormously: if you are not only taking your photography equipment, but also everyday items or travel luggage with you.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can customize the interior (more on that below) and so both of them can be easily separated from each other and accessed independently through the two side openings.
You can also pull the backpack from the right side to pull it in front of your body to access the camera gear in the right main compartment, while the everyday stuff stays safely in the left side of the backpack and doesn't get in the way.
Comfortable, easy-to-adjust straps help.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also made from 100% recycled, waterproof nylon, the contents will stay dry, even if it's heading to Scotland in the autumn.
Unfortunately, I am waiting in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# emailed me yesterday to confirm the commissioning of the
The shipping company has announced that they will be in touch to collect the wrongly delivered table.
I have not received any message yet.
I request immediate action.
I have now been in contact with the third support employee, and none of them have gotten me any further than the promise that I will receive an e-mail as confirmation.
It is the return of the wrongly delivered Custom #NAME#
It is not clear when the wardrobe will be delivered again?
I can't keep him like that...
It works.
Many, many thanks for the help
Have a nice evening.
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. When will the item be delivered?
Order and payment was on 12.1.21.
I was delivered a completely different lamp than I ordered
Please call me
If you extend my voucher, I'll place a larger order, but at least I kept the damaged furniture and didn't return it.
And that last year turned out differently than expected was something I couldn't have guessed, and so I couldn't have timely redeemed and clarified it.
But the damage I have suffered as a customer, and I do not accept that.
Rottinger brake discs are designed for the demands of the dynamic driver who appreciates reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rotating brake discs are cast and then mechanically machined (drilled and cut).
All tinted sheets are produced in short series according to individual technical properties, which are specific to certain sheets and patterns.
Based on the individual technical drawing, a special manufacturing program is created, which is aimed at the alignment of the glass after the characteristics of the original mounting.
The tuned discs thus produced ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additional openings increase the effectiveness of cooling the windshield, while the slits improve the cleaning of the brake discs and brake blocks.
The aesthetic qualities of our tinted windows underline the character of each car through an attractive and eye-catching appearance.
Coloma is the town where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man at the southern fork of the American River discovered shiny rocks in the water.
Although he tried to keep his discovery a secret, the news spread quickly and led to the so-called "California Gold Rush" of '49.
Thousands came from near and far to make Coloma one of the fastest-growing and most prosperous cities in the country.
Boundaries were marked out, tents were pitched, and saloons and hotels sprang up almost overnight.
Everyone wanted a piece of the country's wealth.
For many, it was "Coloma or Bust" (Coloma or Bankruptcy)!
In this game, you are a pioneer, looking for wealth in the West and wanting to make a name for yourself.
You will be looking for gold, recruiting workers, rounding up horses, and building companies.
You will also get the chance to explore the surrounding river channels and adjacent areas.
You're not alone - the other pioneers seem to have the same idea!
You have to outperform your pioneer colleagues to not go bust with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast-paced strategy game with many ways to win.
You simultaneously choose your actions, have to manage your resources and build a tableau that works more and more for you (called "engine building").
Buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, gain additional actions, or apply rules in your favor.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can develop your individual play style with fine-tuning.
Coloma plays over a three-year period from 1848 (the year the gold was discovered in Coloma), 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush) and 1850 (the year California became a state).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, players secretly and simultaneously choose a location on the board where they can perform actions.
Then their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers in the right locations.
If a location has the most pioneers, it will be blocked!
This deactivates half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Then the players take turns performing actions, such as winning resources, moving wagons, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening shops, and positioning gunfighters.
When all the actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The pricer turns at the beginning of each round to a new location and changes the available actions.
This continues until the pricer has moved five times, covering each location once, and the year ends.
There is a shootout in which the players must defend Coloma from a bandit attack.
If the players have contributed enough revolver heroes and the bandits are numerically superior, they will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they receive lower rewards or end up in the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shooting, then the final score is awarded.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping, I take the shipping method, Warensendung (games rolled up), up to the dimensions of 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm.
For everything else, DPD insured and with tracking (games wrapped in bubble wrap and packing paper).
If you are a collector, I can also send the box in a box for an extra charge of 2 euros, so that there are no print marks at all.
Why Children Are Not Tyrants Documentary, ARD Mediathek
CW: mental abuse, sexual abuse, power abuse
The ARD documentary has appeared in my Twitter timeline today, and I have watched it straight away.
>The children's psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a popular guest in talk shows and gives lectures across Europe.
With his book "Why Our Kids Are Tyrants" (2008), he sparked a heated debate about child-rearing.
Former patients and guardians are now making serious allegations against him.
Please look after yourselves, the film is hard to watch.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
Parents and other responsible adults must never, never, never! seek power over the child.
Our goal must always be to give the child room for development and to make the framework for the child as large as it is sensible and possible in the situation.
Brrr, I'm still shivering.
Holetschek: States are discussing the abolition of the test requirement for triple vaccinated people
The health ministers of the states want to decide at their next meeting on a nationwide abolition of the testing requirement for triple vaccinated people.
We need clarity on whether and when the testing requirement can be lifted for three times vaccinated people, said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Conference of Ministers of Health, to Bild am Sonntag.
The removal of 2G plus for triple vaccinated people is "not only medically sensible, but also provides an additional incentive to get vaccinated," said Holetschek.
Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has pledged "that he will present a proposal to the Health Ministers' Conference on Tuesday". - AFP
So I want to send the lamp back
How do I go about it best?
Hello, I like the #PRS_ORG# chair very much, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me?
I can no longer make any purchases through my #PRS_ORG#.
Ad: Oh no, there's been an error.
Buying through the #PRS_ORG# website on a computer is possible.
I have updated my bank details.
What could be the reason for this?
What you describe is called *Awareness*, meaning sensory perceptions under general anaesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of about 1 in 1000.
Most often, it involves hearing sounds/voices, infrequently seeing images, and very rarely feeling pain.
Relevant for this topic: Caesarean sections are operations that are associated with a higher rate of awareness, since to protect the child, a very deep anaesthetic is avoided until the placenta is delivered.
Past episodes of awareness should be mentioned during the anaesthetic assessment.
Certain anaesthetic techniques, such as total intravenous anaesthesia (TIVA), carry a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Love all of you, this comment of mine describes awareness correctly, however, u/Nitemarex did not have any.
I misread her comment.
But the chair is broken.
Unfortunately, the 20 euros won't help us.
These are legal warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be for them to take back the defective chair.
This is in addition to the legal obligation, and is standard practice in the eCommerce sector.
Please check if they can at least take back the defective chair.
We then sell the second chair privately.
We also lose a lot of money.
I have already sent you an email that you have not responded to.
One more question.
In the order and on the invoice, it says that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The courier is Company #NAME#.
I just called there.
They told me they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is that true?
If so, I'll have to cancel the order, as I don't know anyone who can carry the heavy furniture up to the first floor.
won't I be called?
I had a question formulated
Theater historian Günther Rühle dies aged 97
He has made a name for himself as a theatre critic and as an artistic director.
Later, he wrote a monumental theater history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
There is the new book on the table, freshly printed: "An Old Man Grows Older".
The shocking diary of a slow farewell from the world, which the theatre historian and journalist Günther Rühle kept until April 2021.
And in the middle of reading the news comes the message that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I hereby testify my gratitude for life."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common is the Europalette, a standardised wooden pallet that is mainly used as a load carrier in the European region.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from Statistics Austria, over ten million palettes were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was around 79 million euros.
The number of pallets imported to Austria annually is not recorded
New York crowned MLS champions for the first time
New York City FC have won the Major League Soccer title for the first time.
After the 1-1 in regular time against host Portland Timbers, the team from the Eastern Conference won the final in the penalty shootout 4-2.
In the Eastern Conference final, New York beat Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Rouladen Tips & Tricks
I got some great tips here last week for the perfect goulash.
It was on Christmas Day and it was incredibly delicious and buttery!
So thank you for that :)
Now I've got the taste for it and I want to cook rouladen for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will be setting a beef stock.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I don't have an oven, just a large pot.
What's next?
What about the books, and how do I get them back on my #PRS_ORG#?
My English is not as good as it used to be, but I can get by
IEs is asking for a refund of €#NUMBER#
I was informed by email on 18.01. that the refund had been made.
But to this day, the money has not arrived.
Please check that.
Where you can still get Christmas roast in Lübeck
For many people, goose or duck is as much a part of Christmas as the Christmas tree and presents.
Have you not bought any poultry yet?
Now the clock is ticking.
We tell you where you can still get a Christmas roast in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube preamp contributes significantly to the heat and fat content of the guitar amp sound.
These features are perfectly executed by the Valve Reactor circuit.
The VOLUME, GAIN and MASTER VOLUME controls allow you to set both the desired level and the saturation of your sounds.
Furthermore, the VT+ series amplifiers offer a unique POWER LEVEL control that allows you to reduce the sound level without changing the "gain" or distortion.
Further up, it sounded as if the POWER LEVEL-regulator could even be used to create a power reserve, if it ever got too loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL controller, the full potential of the VT+ series can be used in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line-in.
The signal here is being processed with a box simulation, so that you get an eminently "acoustic" impression even when using headphones or direct recordings.
An AUX socket can be used to connect a CD or MP3 player, so you can jam along to your favourite songs.
A tuner is also on board - so you don't need a separate tuner.
If you also buy a VFS5 foot switch, you can conveniently call up the sounds by foot, switch the effect blocks on and off, and tap the tempo of the effects that are compatible in this way.
This is essential for live use.
With its new power packs, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But he saw it differently with others.
Can I then send the lamp back?
Because it hangs too low over a dining table?
So I would like to send them back.
Can you help me with that?
And the dresser?
Will we get an update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
If it doesn't work out, I'd be happy with a legacy or voucher.
Maybe I will find a buyer for the furniture.
Only 1,000 euros for goods I don't need is a bit much.
I just received my delivery and would have liked to know if screws were part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) on the designated hook.
That is not a satisfactory answer and the wait has not been worth it
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in nuclear deal talks
According to Iranian reports, there are signs of progress in the negotiations over the revival of the international nuclear agreement.
Both sides are close to agreeing on the issues that should be on the agenda, Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri told the IRNA news agency on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development", because at first there was no agreement on the topics to be negotiated.
The agreement is meant to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks to revive the agreement had been resumed after a break of just under a week.
Iranian, German, British, Chinese, French and Russian negotiators are taking part in the talks.
A US delegation is also in Vienna, but is not directly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now has highest Corona infection rate
Thuringia has overtaken Saxony and currently has the highest infection rate in Germany.
As the only state, the value is above the 1000 mark.
As the only state, Thuringia exceeded the mark of 1000 for the Corona incidence on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day incidence with 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which has always shown the highest infection rate nationwide, this value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia had fallen slightly, but had also been above the 1000 mark.
In Thuringia, 2,242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 more deaths in connection with an infection were reported within one day.
200 severely ill with Covid-19 were being intensively treated in hospitals on Sunday.
On weekends, there may be delays in reporting.
In addition, the health authorities have been overburdened for weeks and are struggling to keep up with the registration of new cases.
I understand that.
As the delivery is scheduled for early March, it may be possible by then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and take it to the post office, right?
I don't have to do anything else here, right?
That is exactly what I want to avoid, which is why I am writing to you.
I would like to request that the return be on my own expense.
An 8 euro return fee is, in my opinion, an outrage.
It's time for change
##MBundestag, I greet you, I am u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
#Why is the post here?
If you look at the activity in the past months of the MBundestag, you can come to one conclusion: it does not exist.
We've gone into hibernation and extended the summer doldrums into months.
#Where is the problem?
Yes, what was the reason for that?
Mostly, it's just a matter of being dissatisfied with how things have gone here and how we generally stand.
In recent days, the impression has been growing that many people here still have a real interest in the Bundestag.
#What we need to change
It is now up to the community around the Bundestag to keep it alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVEVO, who became aware of the project in recent days and found, simply put, a mess.
After some back and forth, a few people from the community have come forward who are interested in rebuilding the project.
However, I would also like to expressly call on everyone to participate, only then can this project continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a Discord server, on which we can exchange ideas with each other, and work on concrete things.
You can join the server via this link.
Goals:
* How will the Bundestag work in the future?
* Which existing orders must be changed / adapted / removed?
* How should we present ourselves to the outside world in the future?
* How will new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm pretty sure I've forgotten a lot of things, but that's not a big deal, we have the Discord at the end.
If you have the time and the inclination, come on the Discord, work with us and let's democratically decide the future.
I ordered a lamp shade from you that is still being delivered.
Now I see that the article is too big/bulky for my taste.
I have already ordered another hanger from you.
I put it together and noticed it then when I took the soft foam off.
I'm very sad about it.
I hope this is returned and I get a full refund.
This is also quite sad, as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have one more question: does the day blanket #PRS_ORG# come in a large size, i.e. 240/240?
#PRS_ORG must be able to guarantee that the faulty wardrobe will be collected promptly.
And I ask you to do that now.
I don't have a suitable packaging, I will dismantle the shelf as far as possible for pickup - they have to clarify with #PRS_ORG# how that can work.
#PRS_ORG# can contact me by phone at any time to arrange a collection date.
Is there an installation manual?
How long would I have to get these or decide to return them?
How do you answer the question of why you are vegan?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I like.
She herself has lived vegetarian for a while, and eats meat very rarely nowadays.
I myself was a vegetarian for several years before that.
When asked if I've always wanted to be vegan, and vegetarianism was a planned stepping stone, I answered honestly without much thought.
And that I thought for a long time that I was supporting animal welfare as a vegetarian, but eventually reflected and understood that I was actually supporting animal cruelty.
Therefore, my decision to become vegan.
At that moment, I got the impression that there was some resentment on their side, they then defended vegetarianism and said that they knew where their meat came from and that as a vegetarian one would reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was "clumsy"?
How do you answer this question?
I feel like as a vegan, you're quickly put into a corner and conflict arises without you even trying.
It is greeted by a harmony-loving vegan (;
This is not an exception under § 312d BGB.
Your #PRS_ORG# does not exempt you from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I will not be at the assigned date, #PRS_ORG#, when #PRS_ORG# picks up my return.
Unfortunately, I cannot be there in person due to a funeral, so this cannot be changed.
Can I please be assigned an alternative pick-up time?
From 01.02.#NUMBER#, I will be available again on a permanent basis.
Lahnsteiner Wehr is ready for water rescue: 45,000 euro subsidy from the state
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, handed over a subsidy certificate in the amount of 45,000 euros for the new rescue vehicle of the voluntary fire brigade in Lahnstein to the mayor, Peter Labonte.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in operation since November 2020, was 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this," says Lahnstein's mayor Peter Labonte.
The rescue vehicle is used by the Lahnstein diving team, one of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water, they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, they expect permanent increases in the number of incidents: the boom in river cruises on the Rhine and Mosel and the further increase in the use of the Lahn as a leisure waterway contribute to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
I followed their recommendations, but nothing has worked. I have synced, removed and reloaded the app, but nothing has worked.
I am a bit frustrated because the whole thing has taken up a lot of time and I am now hoping for help.
Okay, then.
I would like to order 3 items from the collection of #PRS_ORG# for June.
Can I enter a date in the ordering process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 standard, the values mentioned above were measured in the Fenix laboratory at 21°C±3°C, 50%-80% relative humidity and the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values can vary depending on the flashlight used, age, and environment.
*:The burn time in the Low setting includes the burn time with reduced brightness due to overheat protection.
2) Merchants are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the retailers or distributors where they bought Fenix lights with the 'warranty card' from Fenixlight Limited and either an invoice or receipt for warranty support.
Fenix will make the technology and parts available to our authorized dealers that are required for the maintenance of our lights.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix replaces a new product within 15 days of purchase due to possible manufacturing defects, if problems occur under normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
When the model is discontinued, customers receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) 5-year free repair: Fenix offers a free repair within 5 years of purchase date for lamps if a problem occurs under normal use.
Different warranty period for different products:
Except for the products and accessories listed above and other products or free offers from Fenix, other products or free offers are not covered by the product guarantee.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: For lamps that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs, but charge for parts.
The merchant shares the cost of the part with the customer before the repair.
4) Guarantee Certificate: Customers demand after-sales service from Fenix dealers or dealers by presenting a filled-in Fenix guarantee card, a receipt or a receipt.
The distributor should offer services to the customer, and Fenix will support those services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damage or failure caused by:
Any defects or damage caused by misuse shall include, without limitation, the use which is not in accordance with the warranty or the product specifications.
For example, the product specification states that the sealed head cannot be disassembled, as this can damage the torch and invalidate the guarantee.
Any defects or damage caused by other behaviors can not be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To claim a warranty, please contact our warranty department with the following information: name, type / model of the warranty object, serial number.
Thanks for putting yourself out there for this, I have also spent almost a decade in public service in a similar capacity, i.e. we were also armed officers in the executive, I will not go into further details!
I find the question of right and left always very simplified.
In general, one should say that, of course, the civil servant comes from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, which should be obvious to everyone.
That of course also the special uniformed and armed people on the right of the conservative magically attracts should also be clear to everyone, that these people then find it difficult to cope with the lived reality is of course also clear, because you have of course, in addition to the average white, now many Germans with a migration background, women and also homosexuals (and I don't mean the exaggeratedly feminine stereotype of gay men, because these are rather rare in the executive, but rather normal men and women who you don't notice if they don't tell you about it), and on these people I can and must rely, because in the event of doubt, they will save your life or set it aside for you.
But even these marginalised groups also represent, according to my experience, a conservative stance, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel that they are being left behind by excessive left-wing policies, even though these policies are supposed to help them, but they just want to be treated normally.
Back to the rights, of course, the police and the armed forces are a cross-section of society, and one will also find extreme right-wingers there, but of course, they are allowed to openly express their opinions there, or even to openly devise any state-threatening plans, which is completely overblown in the media and annoys me.
Of course, it happens that police officers and soldiers, who often work abroad, start to generalize and say things that are controversial or politically incorrect.
It also happens that right-wing sympathisers meet who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
However, I believe that this is well fought and countered with political education and enlightenment!
Germany is so internationally entangled and that is a good thing, in my opinion, that we could not afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
Yes, I don't understand, the other basket I also ordered from the German side.
Why should this come from England?
When I ordered, it wasn't sold out.
I ordered in November.
However, it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order
It's still about my order that is no longer available.
I was chatting with #NAME# before.
Alternatively, one could deliver the other #PRS_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# euros in black to Germany or is this basket available in Germany somewhere.
I only find you as a partner company.
but at the top edge of the wood piece there are two deep grooves that are filled with something yellow
and there is a small scratch on the mirror itself.
Ordinary through child?
Hello, I (w32) have been thinking about this for a while.
I am very disciplined and organised at work (self-employed, little free time), but I have been struggling to keep my home clean and tidy for as long as I can remember.
There are times when nothing gets done, and sometimes it hits me and I tidy up and clean.
But it's never really "someone could just drop in for a visit."
My husband is (unfortunately) not better either, it bothers me somewhere but mostly it just gets lost against work and laziness.
The kitchen is cleaned most regularly as we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become more organised with a child?
We don't have one yet, but we're working on it, and this question has been on my mind for a while.
Because for me, there is no incentive, it doesn't bother me that much, as long as no visitors come and, for example, there is always fresh clothing and the kitchen is usable.
Does having a child give you more of an incentive or do you slack off?
Looking forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new, and of high quality, as well as anatomically shaped, this exclusive cut offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit, and thus almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Pre-shaping with special, further pressing at the joints for improved freedom of movement (in arm-and knee bends)
The Focea Comfort 4 has more than doubled the area covered by the Flex System 2 to further increase comfort.
Continuous stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (armpits, leg bends)
High-quality pre-forms in the lower back and thigh area ensure a close-fitting, perfect fit.
The Elaskin 8.8 Stretch Panel in the lumbar area increases flexibility around the back zip and improves comfort, particularly when bending and mounting and donning equipment on the surface.
The Free Flex Zone around the shoulders and back guarantees increased flexibility in arm and back movements.
Fireskin is a warm, waterproof material with a special surface structure that offers a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Continuous, thin (-2mm) seal around the face at the helmet increases comfort, seal and durability (separate head cover)
The soft, neck-located zone improves the seal with a fine-adjustable width adjustment by a flexible, gentle clasp which does not adhere to the lining or stitching.
Double zippered wrist and ankle cuffs connect a reversible inner cuff with a soft, padded neoprene outer cuff
45° chamfer at the end of the inner sleeve for increased elasticity and durability when putting on.
Long zipper at the neck with Elaskin reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort on the overall without a helmet
Long G-Lock P back zip overall (no helmet) with metal slider and integrated Water Dam System for improved sealing (Beuchat Patent)
Zippers on the arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at all ends of the zips to prevent tearing if excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels bonded flush with outer and inner overlap
Edges of the outer sleeves reinforced for greater durability
Corners of the inner cuffs scored for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat system was designed to hold the computer in place, especially at deeper dives (compatible with all common wrist computers)
A career in social work - as someone with a personality disorder?
I have a software development qualification and have been out of work for about a year.
Unfortunately, I am realizing more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking for a long time about starting over and studying social work.
The problem: I have a self-doubting (or anxiously avoidant) personality disorder (Avoidant Personality Disorder).
That means, roughly, that I have no self-esteem and am therefore shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a professional level, but it is very difficult for me to have casual conversations, and I have been told that I come across as unapproachable (which I think has gotten better).
Can I become a social worker?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth centre, but rather in, for example, the addiction counselling or family support.
But I don't know if the actual working day is really like I imagine it to be, and it's hard to find anything about it on the internet.
The ÄVPS is already causing problems (for me, emotionally) in my job (for me, emotionally), because it drags me down every time there is something to complain about in my code ("again, the simplest things are screwed up") and it is hard for me to ask for help from more experienced colleagues ("I should know how to do this by now"/"I'm holding him back with my stupid questions"/"he must think I'm incompetent" etc.).
I'm probably going to have these problems in every job, but I wanted to bring it up here.
Have you already received the sofa back?
There was no confirmation for that.
I'm waiting for a pickup date
What do they mean by "please return"?
If I download a book from #PRS_ORG#, I get the message Your #PRS_ORG# authorised this book
are there any problems?
I was in a chat with #PRS_ORG, they asked me if I had received a delivery confirmation for my wardrobe.
The protein (protein) taken in with the food is broken down in the bird's digestive tract into individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and from these, the bird builds up its own protein substances, which it also needs for feather formation.
The feather formation in the nestling and the feather regeneration in the maturing bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high burden for the overall organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during breeding as this can cause disruption to the breeding cycle.
After this short-term administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
The protein (protein) taken in with the food is broken down in the bird's digestive tract into individual protein building blocks (amino acids). From these, the bird builds up its own protein substances, which it also needs for feather formation.
The feather formation in the nestling and the feather regeneration in the maturing bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high burden for the overall organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during breeding as this may disrupt the breeding cycle.
After this short-term administration of NEKTON-Bio, the daily vitamin supply with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral preparation) should be resumed.
1 g NEKTON-Bio on 250 ml water or 100 g soft food.
It is only advisable to prepare as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change the water/food daily.
One marked measuring spoon (included) equals 1 g of NEKTON-Bio.
In cases of severe feather damage, the dose of NEKTON-Bio can be doubled or tripled at the beginning, until the new feather growth is visible.
After that, the normal dose is served until the feather regrowth is complete.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry, out of direct sunlight, between 15° and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is being sold as an office chair.
How can an office chair break after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
That is really very bad service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to let you know that my order arrived damaged and photos attached.
Did you receive this email?
Statement by a community member in contradiction to the constitution
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have a problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So an application for felling was made to the community.
A staff member writes to me that the felling of fruit trees, including the walnut tree, is not part of the constitution.
However, the walnut is explicitly mentioned in the constitution as a tree to be protected.
Can I now rely on the employee's statement or not?
On the other hand, I have to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the constitution is clear.
Thank you for your answers
We understand that.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I have not received any message
Well, I still have a sofa without use.
Could you offer me a legacy or a gift voucher?
What was more expensive?
Yes, I believe so, the question is whether I can pay in Euros and have the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check that?
Emergency: Serious traffic accident in Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the B2179 between the Selb-Nord interchange and Plößberg.
As the police press release currently reports (14:03 a.m.), a car overtook in the wrong direction while overtaking.
There are casualties.
Ah, I see.
Well, then thank you so much for making it so easy!
Advice and ideas for a further career
Happy Christmas to you!
My Christmas is unfortunately not very good, because my dear head is currently denouncing everything that can be denounced.
Before I go on a rant here .. in short: I need advice and the best from people who somehow know my situation - i.e. from you.
I'm currently doing the Ref course as a lateral entrant.
I originally studied something else and worked in that field (in order to remain somewhat anonymous, I will not mention anything more specific here).
But then it was all too boring for me and I started looking for alternatives that would give me more fun.
At some point I ended up in teaching and I was sure that this is what I wanted to do - even if the framework conditions are much less flexible than in my previous job, but that was not important to me.
I'm now at the third "I Google other job listings" stage.
And it's only been half a year.
Before the paintings, I always decided to keep going and at least finish the ref, after that I can still change my mind.
But I'm absolutely exhausted right now.
I've had so little free time in the last month that I'm completely exhausted.
Now it's the holidays, but there's still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I always thought I was stress resistant, but that was my weekend and my weekend was my weekend and my weekend was my weekend.
I was free then.
And the stress at work was irrelevant in those moments.
Now even the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that annoy me even more.
In general, it's fun and from the outside looking in, the refs are doing a good job.
But I am completely exhausted and wondering how much stress my body can take before it completely shuts down - if it hasn't already.
I wonder if I want to spend the rest of my working life like this - especially when I read some of your contributions here - or if I should go back to the old area where I was valued, I could take time off when I needed it, and the work was boring but paid adequately, and I worked with a team and not as a lone ranger like it is most of the time now.
But then I ask myself, will I not be in the same place in a year's time, unhappy?
You get the picture, it's all a bit weird, but maybe you have some advice or ideas as an outsider on how to get out of this situation I'm in, where I'm completely fed up and start crying at the slightest thought of it.
I'm not going to make any decisions now in an emotional way, that's probably not going to lead to anything good.
But perhaps your views will help me to see at least a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel - or to enjoy Christmas, which is enough for me for the time being.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the whiny tone.
I hope my situation has at least become a little clearer.
Since its introduction in 2001, the Valvetronix series from VOX has continued to evolve, leading to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly reproduces the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X Amps, we are presenting a brand new modeling engine that is state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to the VET (Virtual Element Technology) technology, which is based on the analysis of the components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers are waiting with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamp.
This is partly based on real analogue circuits, because these do a better job of reproducing the variations and nuances of a tube amplifier than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuitry, the VTX amplifiers offer a sealed enclosure and a bass-reflex system, from which the natural resonances just flow.
With VOX's "Tone Room" software, you can even correct and warp historical facts on the virtual level, so that the amp and effects sound just the way you've always imagined.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is primarily due to the 2001 introduced VOX Valve Reactor technology.
Of course, it has been refined several times since then to meet the new sound demands, which led to a performance boost of the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 - with more dynamics and numerous and decisively improved amplifier models.
From the compact VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series was also designed to ensure that all guitarists on the hunt for maximum sound variety find what they are looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amp: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced reproduction of dynamics and string attack, and a prompt response.
During a detailed analysis, the VOX engineers discovered that the final stage determines the tube character of an amplifier and developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology based on this finding.
The 12AX7-tube-equipped Valve Reactor circuit of every VT+ amplifier perfectly reproduces the behavior, subtle nuances, and sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite Wagner's 20 points: Magic lose to Clippers
The Orlando Magic's losing streak in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it is not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also adaptable: with three individually placeable and foldable Velcro closure parts, it adapts to the needs of your photographic equipment and is therefore suitable for any type of camera - from mirrorless system cameras of all sizes to full-frame DSLRs.
What finally fits in the backpack, of course, depends on the size of the camera and the lenses.
A possible configuration would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses, and a flash attachment.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models of the Sony a7 series or the Fujifilm X-T2 still have room for additional lenses.
In addition, you can also store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E series) you can use the backpack for your equipment and for non-photographic things.
Drone pilots also make a good choice with the Everyday Backpack 20L, as the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including controller and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: longest in history
In the three months since the eruption began, lava flows on the Canary Island have caused great damage.
Is an end in sight?
With a duration of now 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma is the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary island.
Previously, the eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585, which lasted for 84 days, was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There are no reliable data on previous eruptions.
Activity of the still-unnamed volcano in the Cumbre Vieja has subsided somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists are still reluctant to predict when it will end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," said the president of the island council, Mariano Hernández Zapata, to the state TV channel RTVE.
Damages in the millions
In the three months since the eruption began, the more than 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit hot lava has destroyed nearly 2,900 homes and other buildings, RTVE reported.
Approximately 1200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick lava layer.
That's almost 1700 football fields.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated to be more than 900 million euros.
Offshore, two new land tongues were formed by cooled lava, totaling about 50 hectares in size.
The banana cultivation, which is immensely important for the island and from which about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants live directly or indirectly, was particularly hard hit. The cultivation was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, other areas were severely affected, El País wrote.
Christmas and the gifts
Christmas is just around the corner and especially the children can hardly wait for the heavenly festival.
The many colourful gifts under the Christmas tree, combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension, have something seductive about them.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions that still holds our increasingly divided society together.
The more important it is to be aware of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the gesture of giving, which, according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss, was a peace-making "society contract of primitive peoples", can escape the rigid routine and be filled with life in the context of this tradition.
How St. Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it was the Protestants who linked Christmas with the giving of gifts.
Previously, gifts were exchanged on St. Nicholas Day in one way or another.
The background to this still popular custom is that Saint Nicholas, as Bishop of Myra, threw gold into the windows of three women in one night to save them from a life of sin.
This unconventional way of giving gifts gave rise to the popular German custom of filling children's boots with presents.
Protestants objected to this practice because they saw mediators between God and man as "idolatry."
For this reason, they resist the institution.
Martin Luther made St. Nicholas into the Christ Child, and thereby founded a new tradition.
The focus of the giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
Since most Protestants do not see such details so closely, it only annoys the fewest that the custom of St. Nicholas is similar to the Martin custom with Martin singing and Martin parade is still a firm part of the pre-Christmas season.
Today, one finds boots in front of the door and under the Christmas tree from socks to coveted luxury watches.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources attest to a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of St. Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, in all Christian-influenced countries, there is a happy muddle over the question of who will bring the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the region whether the Christkind appears on Christmas Eve or the Weihnachtsmann, who is essentially a kind of St. Nicholas, is assigned certain characteristics over time.
These include, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the rather strict Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sled, pulled by reindeer, and his preference for the fireplace to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain, the Three Kings give the gifts, while in Italy, it is the witch Befana who is said to have shown them the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, sometimes fabled creatures bring the gifts, while in Russia, Father Frost has brought much fame.
Here, it is not reindeer, but three horses pulling his sleigh.
In the Czech Republic, the birthplace of the Reformation during the Hussite Wars, the Christkind is responsible for delivering the gifts.
I've been getting this error message for 3 weeks now when trying to download a new book, my account details and contact details are up to date:
I'm asking for help to fix the error, as I
otherwise I will buy another e-book from #PRS_ORG#.
I have been trying to get a return shipping label for my order #NUMBER# for the past week and this morning.
I was told that I would receive one.
As I have not received one yet (in the SPAM folder either), I would now like to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near the Royal Palace
A man armed with a knife was shot dead by police near Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police said callers reported a man with a gun going into a bank and a bookmaker's shop.
The man fled in a vehicle that was later stopped by officers, authorities said.
Shots were fired and the man was hit.
He was declared dead at the scene.
The police did not suspect a terrorist background.
There are several embassies in the area around Kensington Palace.
The palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
Which ones?
No matter where I click, I am immediately redirected to your site.
The decorative light fits harmoniously into any flowerbed, garden area or stone garden.
The light is simply placed and can be anchored with 2 stakes in the ground.
Integrated and powerful 0.4W solar panel for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Maximum light duration: 10 hours.
The robust plastic version is suitable for outdoor use all year round.
In Hollywood spectacles, it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies, which glow internally in bright colours.
On the other hand, "Smart Stone" is completely harmless: All it takes is the sun to make this solar lamp fascinating - in white or colored light (in six different color tones).
The edge-less, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: like a naturally shaped large pebble, this modern light object presents itself during the day.
Its organic curves fit into any natural environment - whether on the edge of a terrace, in the lawn or in a rockery.
He also does well in the vicinity of larger pebbles and boulders, where he is able to hold his own thanks to his size.
You can save yourself a lot of work: As a solar lamp, "Smart Stone" does not require a power supply or batteries.
Place the "lighthouse" on any sunny spot at any time of the day.
Two supplied stakes provide secure footing when needed.
The matt white plastic casing itself is robust and weatherproof.
His solar panel hides "Smart Stone" discreetly inside, along with his battery and two LEDs - one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight hits the housing.
When darkness falls, "Smart Stone" starts to glow on its own; in which colour, that's up to you: You can choose from six attractive light colours, in addition to daylight white.
The shutdown also happens automatically once the battery charge level has fallen to a predetermined minimum or it gets light again.
As soon as the sun comes out, the charging cycle begins again the next day.
I've done it many times and it doesn't work.
It's a shame, I would have liked to continue ordering from you, but if the voucher is not credited, then I will not order from you out of principle.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, that was the last contact.
Then, please, send me the number for the sideboard.
In lockdown, no hardware store is open anyway....
The motor control of LokSound 5 has been further fundamentally improved.
A variable PWM frequency of 10kHz to 50kHz ensures super-quiet operation, even with bell-crank motors – the typical "humming" is a thing of the past.
The load regulation can now be adapted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function allows the decoder to be automatically tuned to the motor.
The LokSound 5 decoder provides enough power even for older motors with up to 1.5A motor current.
Please use the eBay shopping cart to ensure the shipping costs are correctly totaled.
You will receive an email with the tracking number for the package.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT from the specialist retailer for every new purchase.
- we process your order or request usually within 24 hours during working days.
Pill problem
Hello dear ladies,
I hope I'm doing this right, after a year on reddit, this is actually my first post.
My problem: I had to start taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had such horrendous cramps during my period and shitty PMS before my period.
Now I would rather leave it at that, because I have to take so many medications due to chronic illnesses that I cannot choose.
My main problem, surprisingly, was not the pain, but my skin.
I had a sudden explosion of pimples when I took a two-year break from 0 to 100 and they were everywhere.
So far, so superficial, but it really weighed on me and I didn't feel comfortable.
In the two years of pause, it never really normalised.
Maybe someone has some tips on how to avoid this this time.
My cosmetics are already fragrance-free and without any bullshit, but maybe someone can recommend something to me.
Unfortunately, my gynaecologist didn't take me seriously and I still have to make an appointment with a dermatologist.
Many thanks to everyone who has read the novel!
Yes, the skin is such a thing.
Had severe atopic dermatitis, then a period of calm, then large-scale psoriasis and the acne issue.
I have also tried all sorts of diets in the course of my Christian illness, and have ended up on a sugar, milk and meat-free mixed diet, because nothing else worked properly.
It can also be that hormonally it's just a case of the bug, but if you're like me and you've got a lot of building work going on, you just want to get on with it and not look for anything else that's going wrong.
I had already done all of her colleague's seminars etc.
Written and now I've lost the conversation and don't know what was said in response to my request.
I have to work in between and answer the phone and suddenly everything was gone...
what is there to check, if the money was there, I would have seen it
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but is there a general one?
as it is available in black in large sizes.
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series - The Best Movie Experience Ever!
Zappiti designs and manufactures high-quality video management systems; for the best picture quality, excellent performance and best possible user-friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to give you a comfortable and intuitive access to your entire film library in stunning 4K High Definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti Players are successfully deployed around the world to improve the movie watching experience, both at home and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards like Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video format, full BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with a billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio like DSD, FLAC, ALAC and MQA, and has a wide, solid case, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos and DTS: X for the best home theater experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers an outstanding picture quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamic range, better colour representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you will be impressed by the quality of your display!
3D also offers better image depth and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not designed to be used with a remote.
Use an attached computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included).
Network Playback: Specialized network optimization that thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) guarantees better playback performance over the local network, regardless of the type of media.
Universal RC: Seamless integration into smart home installations through ready-to-use Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much, as I've been waiting for it since September.
Now, nothing is going to happen.
My account is apparently locked and the language is English
Also compatible with all printers that use the above products, according to the manufacturer or user manual.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production
All listed company and brand names, as well as all type designations, are the property of the respective legitimate manufacturers and rights holders.
Their mention is solely for orientation and to indicate the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What vouchers???
I didn't get my voucher credited on my last order!
In the name of the people: laypeople pass judgement
In court, they sit in everyday clothes on the judge's bench.
But their verdict has a lot to do with it, even if they don't wear a robe: jurors decide with judges whether and for how long someone goes to jail.
Two of them talk to the "Oeffentlichen" about their time at the Bad Kreuznacher Landgericht: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of the 125 lay judges at the Landgericht at John-F.-Kennedy-Straße.
Hello, unfortunately I can't get into the customer account.
Could you please resend the invoice with the order number #NUMBER# to the above-mentioned e-mail address?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We don't have the facilities to store them for so long.
We would use the table as if it were ours, as if it were offered to us.
no problem, I have already ordered the same chair in blue and received it. I would therefore like to have one in grey
Does the wardrobe need to be completely dismantled for collection and refund?
and when would the pick-up be?
110-kV earth cable to be rebuilt in 2022
The approval for the relocation of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The government of Lower Bavaria's plan approval decision paves the way for the construction to begin in 2022.
This was announced by the network operator Bayernwerk.
The seven-kilometre-long underground cable will connect the transformer station Tann in the north of the community and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable is attached to a pylon of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning,
My order from 03.01.21 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only arrived in part.
The blue BETSALL number: #PRS_ORG# with the delivery number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "Delivery not possible".
The other three packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me how the next step is going to be?
A great start to the week!
Forget that, I've already explained it to you several times yesterday!
It is a glass commode, and the entire sides have burst, so there is glass everywhere, and the box is broken.
The chest of drawers is in my home and #PRS_ORG# refuse to come into my home because of #PRS_ORG# regulations
This means that the chest of drawers cannot be collected because no one is allowed into my home
Thanks for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it's with all the books, that's why the request to #PRS_ORG#, because it seems to be a general problem.
Ref: Lesson Planning (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I have been in the Ref since summer, teaching is fun, but I have big problems planning my lessons in geography in an efficient way.
Unfortunately, my school is not very well equipped technically, so I can basically only use the blackboard, the textbook and an OHP as media.
In school, I can only copy black and white for free (which is annoying for geography).
I just need a lot of time to plan my hours right now.
For example, we are currently dealing with the topic of geofactors, and in my case, every hour is different.
Basically, the methods are always the same, but on the other hand, I don't want to spend too much time on simple lessons (I also need it for UBs etc.).
I usually plan from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how I can build it up (usually I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and with most of the tasks in the book, I am not satisfied.
Therefore, the worksheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can tell me how to work efficiently with the book.
I'd be really happy about that.
I would like to return the #PRS_ORG# order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one at #PRS_ORG#, but I would like to have the return processed as quickly as possible.
The trade is worried about the 2G regulation for Christmas.
Only those who are vaccinated or recovered can enter most shops.
The trade sees this as unnecessary and complains about losses in turnover.
He also has a possible solution ready.
The 2G regulations are harming the retail trade, according to the Handelsverband Deutschland (HDE).
At businesses selling non-essential goods, there have been losses in turnover, criticised HDE chief executive Stefan Genth.
According to a current survey of the HDE among 1,100 retailers, more than 70 percent of companies look negatively at the rest of the year.
Many had already written off the Christmas business.
What should be the positive highlight of the year is now often a hole without a bottom, said Genth.
Dealers with 2G access restrictions lost nearly a third of their pre-crisis turnover in the past week.
It is only going well in the food retail sector and in the online sector.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
The purchase with mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
“2G at shopping does not bring us any further in the fight against the pandemic,” he stressed.
The current regulations deterred customers and required a high level of staffing.
He demanded that the banding system be made available nationwide.
After that, each customer would only have to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would be allowed access to all shops with the wristband they received that day.
In addition, random checks in retail should suffice, as they do in public transport under the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested).
Even the real estate company specialising in shopping centres, Deutsche Euroshop, spoke of a difficult Christmas season.
The frequencies were last at around 75 percent of the pre-corona level without 2G, while the turnover was at around 90 percent.
These figures will now fall in the middle of the so important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner to the "Wirtschaftswoche".
Due to the high personnel and administrative costs, attempts are being made to find solutions and obtain approval for the centers.
This includes the so-called wristband solution, where "visitors, for example, once present their 2G proof at a central location in the center and then, equipped with a wristband similar to those in a club hotel, can enter all shops unimpeded". dpa
I recently ordered the #PRS_ORG# and received it.
The Spiegel has a scratch and the frame has a flaw that was attempted to be covered up with yellow filler.
That looks ugly.
I would like to return the mirror and have already put it back in the package and taped it up.
How do I proceed with the return now?
The lamp is designed for dual-balance, based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high colour rendering.
The colour temperature and brightness of the lamp is controlled by a modern microprocessor with extraordinary capabilities.
Besides adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to set the colour temperature in the range of 3100 - 5650K manually and save it.
Use the current settings in the flash memory.
A particular feature of the controller is that it is simple and intuitive to use.
The light produces a very high lumen output with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
The 120-degree beam angle allows you to illuminate large areas from a relatively small distance, which is excellent.
In fact, also in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool to work on set or in the studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows the light to be remotely controlled in television studios or when the light is mounted in inaccessible locations.
On the back of the light is the control panel, consisting of buttons and a lit display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
There is also a slot for the NP-F batteries (not included)
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To set the individual settings on the memory slots, simply hold down one of the memory buttons for longer and done.
The storage controller saves the current state of the lamp when it is switched off, so that when the lamp is switched on again, the known situation is re-established - very practical in studio work, for example, when the camera is set to a particular colour temperature.
Working with batteries is one of the DL3120's biggest strengths, as it is possible to operate it with cheap NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and camera operators (and women) - so you can use existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check whether the batteries have enough power before they are set - it has a battery tester built in - for each of the two battery compartments there is a value displayed on the two display panels (the left battery compartment on the top display, the right on the bottom display).
In addition, it is of course possible to continuously supply the headlight with power via the supplied power supply.
The construction of the headlight is very simple.
It has a 16mm fitting for attachment, so you can connect it directly to your tripod.
The inclination is to be set reliably by adjustment screws on both sides.
Care was taken to ensure that the mechanical components were of an extremely high quality, and as a result, were designed for durability and hard use.
In addition, a tilt mechanism is included in the delivery.
Great, too, is the fact that it comes with a bag.
This way you can transport or store the light with all the accessories you may want to buy, without any problems.
Shame, I got it as a gift and it's too small :(
The party we wanted to throw: Frankfurt celebrates after a torrid comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the Hessens, who had lost twice in a row in the Bundesliga, were apparently on their way to their next Bundesliga defeat.
But then the SGE turned it around, shot their frustration over a patchy start to the season out of their system and won furiously 5-2. "It's crazy what the guys have done today," coach Oliver Glasner jubilated at DAZN and spoke a "general compliment to everyone who was involved."
Initially, it looked like another setback for the Frankfurt side, who are still in ninth place, still behind their expectations.
Patrik Schick had put Leverkusen 2-0 ahead.
What then happened impressed even the SGE coach.
How the players then came back and showed a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I am very happy with the performance we showed and, of course, with the result.
Even defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to play for the first time since the fourth game and his overcame muscle injury, stressed the morale of his teammates.
‘I think our mentality is incredible,’ said the 27-year-old, who was delighted with the result in particular for the spectators.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
For the upcoming tasks, Glasner wants to keep the focus on himself, but is also well-positioned in terms of the personnel situation.
It's extraordinary that we have all the players fit in December, that all the players are physically in top shape.
It's top-class work in our medical department, but the players are also living a very professional lifestyle.
Now, one wanted to "go step by step and be humble" and complete the tasks until the end of the year "at this level".
Next up is an away game at Borussia Mönchengladbach on Wednesday as part of the English week (18.30 p.m., Sky).
Just got an email that my package is coming back to me because of an error on my part.
I tried to call #PRS_ORG# and have it redirected, no chance.
Can it be resent to me directly or do I have to wait until the money has been refunded and I can reorder?
For me, that would unfortunately mean that I would not order again, because it has already taken a long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS_ORG# chairs?
Dampener for women's handball team before quarter-final against Spain
Germany's women's handball team slunk off the court after the humiliating defeat against Denmark with hanging heads and blank stares.
In the final round of the World Cup, the DHB selection suffered a heavy defeat in the 16:32 (8:13) against 800 spectators in Granollers. In the quarter-finals, the DHB selection will now have to face host nation Spain.
We were too scared and had too much respect for the opponent, said Bundestrainer Henk Groener.
We have to play differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points in second place behind the Danes (10:0).
It is a shame that we couldn't take the flow with us.
It was a bad game from all of us that we have to erase," said captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight to qualify for the semi-finals, a significant improvement is needed against the 2019 World Cup runner-up on Tuesday, in order to keep alive the delicate dream of the first medal since 2007.
The best German thrower in the duel with the three-time Olympic champion Denmark was the backcourt player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
We were just not there - neither in attack, nor in defence," Xenia Smits, a backcourt player, conceded and demanded: "We have to look ahead now."
Not up to scratch from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not on the same level at the start of the game.
Misdirected passes and technical errors in attack and gaps in the defence were responsible for the quick 0-4 deficit after seven minutes.
Goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was the only one who was immediately on the job and prevented things from getting worse with a few saves.
The first goal was scored by the DHB team after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseels successfully finished a quick counterattack.
This was not the hoped-for spark.
Against the aggressive defence of the Danish women, the German women hardly managed to set themselves in scene - and if they did, they often failed against the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavians.
The game was over early at 3:10 after 20 minutes, as Mia Zschocke was sent off for a hard foul on her opponent.
However, she will be allowed to participate in the quarter-finals.
In the final phase of the first half, the DHB selection came a little better into the game, and by the end of the first half at least five goals ahead.
The already faint hope of a comeback after the change was gone after seven minutes, when the score was 9:19.
Once again, the Groener proteges sinned in all areas and made it easy for the opponent, who is among the medal contenders at the finals, to win.
As a result, the German team was unable to muster the energy for a performance boost and left the court as the clear loser.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family Traditions in the Christmas Season
We've snagged Christmas Eve as part of the Reddit Advent Calendar, and we're going to use it as an excuse to talk about family traditions during the pre-Christmas season, Advent, Christmas Eve, St. Nicholas, Christmas Day, and the Christmas holidays.
How was it at home with you?
Like your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the best thing for the children?
The boot polishing?
Cookies?
Christmas tree decorating?
Is there music?
Will Santa Claus, the Christkind or is the gift from Grandma and Grandpa?
Whatever you do, everyone gives it their best shot around Christmas time to make it as nice as possible as a family.
Whether it's a firm tradition, or even something different every year: tell us how it goes in your family!
Please send me any transaction number... or anything else that might help
Confirmation of transfer... etc
I would like to give a coupon code
just like #PRS_ORG# poison vouchers
Do they do that?
The title is there, I am working as a vaccinator in mobile vaccination teams, where (so far) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is mainly administered in nursing homes.
As these are almost finished, I will then go to vaccination centres for me.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit on the organisational and human aspects, and also medical questions, as long as they are not personal (e.g. "I take medication X, does that interfere with the vaccination..").
In my area of responsibility, the vaccination information, the indication (the person is entitled to a vaccination according to the Corona vaccination regulation and has no reasons against it), the medical documentation and, if necessary, the emergency care for allergic reactions (which has never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, such as medical assistants.
In vaccination teams, we often do not have a doctor with us, but only (for God's sake, no lack of appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for the preparation of the vaccine, who are not allowed to administer vaccinations, so that I also administer most of the vaccinations myself.
Heavy "Huidlerer" question: Amberger knows the answer
What is a "Huidlerer"?
With this dialect word, sent in by an Amberger, the BR television programme "Wir in Bayern" has caused heated debate.
However, unlike many preceding days, the term was not guessed by the callers this time.
No, it wasn't a "nervous person."
And also no one "who has to get everything done quickly".
That, people heard from the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
How the man from Amberg announced the solution and thus probably also surprised many people from the Upper Palatinate.
The Huidlerer, the audience learned, is a rag used to wipe down the oven.
Dialect expert Antony Rowley, who has been consulted by Bavarian Television for years, confirmed this.
With the comment that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, derived somehow from the more well-known dialect word "Houdern".
Which closed a gap in education - probably also for many who have lived in the Amberg area for a long time.
I have been unable to buy books for two weeks.
After confirmation, there is always the following error message: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I have restarted the #PRS_ORG# g#PRS_ORG#n, connected it to the PC, synced and repaired it.
Nothing has helped.
Tyre choice for road cycling - is it really that safe?
This morning I woke up full of energy, because I wanted to do at least a little bit of training for my upcoming bike tour next week.
Said and done, and I set off on my racing bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then what happens in every city centre (this time: thanks to Krefeld!)
Glass shards on the track.
Zack, loud hissing and my rear tyre didn't want to play ball for the rest of the race.
As I didn't have a real chance to get a replacement jacket and a replacement hose, I had to turn back and take the first available train back home.
It wasn't too bad weather-wise, maybe it's better if I practice changing the tyre before the bike tour.
But now I'm faced with a question and I hope you can help me.
As I have a fairly long journey over several days ahead of me, I would not want to get this problem again.
Now it was really not bad, because the old tires from the previous owner (a very nice old man, who came to pick up the bike on the day I picked it up at 14:00 and rode 120km that day!) and he also described them as suboptimal, because he had been riding on them for several years.
But when I think about the fact that I still have to change a tyre after 80-90km, then I'm really in a bad mood :D
Now I was talking to an older man at the platform who asked me why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tyres; these are supposed to be unplottable.
Now, that all sounds very tempting.
But are they really so indestructible?
I don't feel like spending 40€ per tyre now, only to be disappointed.
I'm still wondering: I'm currently riding a racing bike with 25x622.
They are also (apparently?) available with the Marathon Plus tyres, but the majority are wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally advise me to use other tyres on a racing bike?
The Schwalbe side seems to be leaning more towards the Durano DD?
Thanks in advance for the help and love!
Car slams into tree: Driver fatally injured
The 53-year-old was travelling on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten when his car collided with a central reservation and then crashed onto the wrong side of the road, according to the police.
There was a frontal collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The car of the 53-year-old was then thrown against a tree and the man in the car was crushed.
The 27-year-old and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the crash and were taken to nearby hospitals.
Yes, we have wiped all the books, all the new books have been authorized, and new books have been loaded.
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of harmful metals.
The company is committed to using formulations without regulated or questionable ingredients, without compromising on performance.
The caps and packaging are made from recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only empty containers to recycling.
Bring containers with leftovers to the problem waste disposal site.
Marking: All MOTIP DUPLI products comply with the current regulations for marking.
The classification, labelling and marking is carried out in accordance with GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EG in its current valid form.
The safety data sheets comply with REACH 1907/2006/EG, Article 31 and Annex II, in the current valid form.
Many DUPLI-COLOR spray paints are protected by a spray-safe cap and a tamper-proof closure to prevent unauthorised use.
Check the label or cap for instructions.
Before use, read the warning texts carefully and observe them!
Will I receive a confirmation by mail?
I have been assured by your colleagues three times already...how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
I have already written, did you not receive my sms?
After the publication of our new high-end broadband B 100-6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series would also get some new members.
SOLO 15 is the new offspring and looks like the big brothers with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, this plan includes a suitably designed foot built in, to raise the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no effect on the acoustics and can therefore be adapted in length to suit the circumstances at home.
Principally, the SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather secondary role, but who want to achieve an exceptionally high sound level.
A 10 cm speaker is simply not capable of generating such high sound pressure levels unfiltered.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
Instead, she is remarkably grown up and for her size, extremely impressive and accurate.
The SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight high note increase.
This is common practice for broadband transmitters to optimise the increasingly high frequencies.
The SOLO 15 delivers a very clear and fine sound, which is precisely aimed at the listening position.
Turned slightly outwards, the high-frequency range can be reduced, and so the sound image can be made warmer.
Thanks to the point source, the location of individual components of a piece of music is pinpointed in the optimal stereo triangle with amazing precision.
The reference-worthy extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM provide a foe that is hard to match.
The SOLO 15 thus not only complements our SOLO series, but expands it in terms of resolution and precision.
As with all our kits, it's a good idea to think about the final appearance of the speaker at the start of the build, so that appropriate changes can be made during construction.
For example, if you want to veneer the casing, the speaker must be lowered accordingly, as the veneer adds material.
After all the boards have been cut (e.g. at a hardware store), one should first drill an 8 mm hole in the base plate at the corresponding place, in order to be able to easily run the cable there later.
With the help of a router, the speaker opening in the front is now made, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can later be fitted flush.
The back side of this opening should be finished with a 45° chamfer to maximize the opening area of the speaker chassis inside.
The four screw points of the B 100 - 6 OHM are interrupted in the façade, as shown in the image "Façade Detail".
After that, one begins the actual construction of the box and places one of the two sidewalls on a flat surface in front of them.
Now the back, the lid, the front and the bottom are glued on.
The three reinforcements should also be applied and glued.
The reinforcements themselves can vary in thickness if needed, e.g. if you want to use ready-made strips from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
The next step is to attach the second side.
After that, all the plates of the foot, i.e. the two sides, and the front, follow.
A suitable circular saw or a Forstner bit makes it easier to drill the holes in the bass reflex tube, as well as the connection clamp on the back wall.
After that, one uses a round grinder to round off all the edges of the actual box.
The top of the footplate can also be rounded with this.
After that, the foot plate is firmly glued to the housing and additionally screwed with long wooden screws.
Next, mark and drill (2.5mm drill) the mounting points of the speaker chassis and the connection clamp.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuum / blow), one begins laying the cable.
This is best achieved by the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the back panel.
This involves pushing the entire and uncut cable through the 8 mm hole in the foot until it reaches the terminal opening and letting it hang out for about 30 cm.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable is led to the speaker opening and left hanging loose there as well.
The following step is to prepare and install the frequency changer.
The circuit diagram of the frequency changer, as well as the corresponding connection diagram, can be found in the following document: Installation Instructions for Frequency Changer Solo 15.
Once the frequency changer is installed and the connection terminal screwed in, the sealing of the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed, follows.
By using the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and a bit of skill, you can drip hot glue onto the opening and seal it.
By opening the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp, the sealing can be checked accordingly.
Now, according to the description, comes the dampening.
The B 100 - 6 OHM is then connected and fastened with the appropriate screws.
Polarity is important here, so the positive lead (marked cable) must be soldered to the positive pole of the speaker (larger contact).
At the end, the bass reflex tube is cut to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and inserted.
The damping material is cut into two pieces and loosely distributed in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex channel should be kept clear.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
Hello to all,
> finally, we can announce that we will be holding the OSCAST again this year!
Unfortunately, due to known reasons, we are not able to get more than four people into the studio, which means a higher planning effort and explains the short notice of the announcement.
BUT: There will be at least three people on the switch, so we'll be able to stream the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans and hopefully thousands of you!
We are doing our best to avoid delays or other problems.
But hey, it's still a pandemic - we're still going to do our best to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
It will start around 0:30.
Put some drinks in the fridge, plan some good food and get ready for a long, but very interesting night.
