The item cost less than 20 euros.
The fee is 40% of the invoice value of the goods....
I'm a VIP customer, so it's no problem for me.
Just need a number or instruction what I should put on the package so it can be tracked back to you.
I ordered a few days ago the # PRS_ORG # at the price of 249 euros.
Today it costs 179 euros.
I find this really annoying.
Do I need to cancel and rebook for the better price or is there another way to get the credit?
I also fundamentally believe that children should not be expected to take on a parental role for their younger siblings.
However, I think it's good for big brothers and sisters to help take care of the little ones in moderation.
Look for a moment, help for a moment, bring the bottle etc.
They learn responsibility, help out in the family and are included.
As long as they can still be children, I don't mind.
As long as your K1 is happy to be on his own for a while, and it's OK for him, then that's fine.
You know your children best.
It's not like he needs me to tuck him in and sing him lullabies for hours.
Legally it's probably dubious.
Maybe that's where the psychologist's statement came from.
For if anything should happen like a fire, robbery, earthquake, alien invasion, etc. it would indeed be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is up to you.
Can you help me find the name of a book?
I remember years ago reading a crime/thriller and I can still remember most of the plot but I can't for the life of me remember the title.
The story was about fear and how to deal with it.
Early in the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by overdosing on feed and walking into his big cats' enclosure.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
The Commissioner has a little niece who also has a fear (of fire) and lands at this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist, a photographer who is anonymously commissioned to go to every suicide and document it, and post the photos online.
It turns out that the therapist is actually running some kind of underground therapy group where he's implanting patients with a chip that essentially inhibits the amygdala, the fear center of the brain, so that the patients can confront their fears in the most extreme way possible.
(one woman throws herself out of the window another deliberately kills herself)
This facing of fear is called "the fight" in the book.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
That's so the basic plot I'm pretty sure the book in its original form was written by a French author.
If this action is known to anyone or anyone can tell me the title of the book I will be very happy.
Oh je, I don't have the Wlan password available.
I need to contact my husband first.
This can take a while.
What do I have to do then?
s it also possible to get the price difference back over?
Child, 4 y.o., Splinter under thumbnail
A boy, 4 years old, has wood splinters all the way under the nail of his thumb (outer side).
Tried to pull it out with a tweezer.
Very hard to grasp.
Didn't work. Hurt like hell.
Now the child will react hysterically if we try.
Not a chance.
We'll see the doctor tomorrow.
All Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools, and measuring tools are carefully inspected, tested, and subjected to the rigorous controls of the Bosch quality assurance system.
Bosch backs this up with a warranty for Bosch power tools, pneumatic tools and measuring tools.
The buyer's warranty claims against the seller and the buyer's statutory rights are not affected by this warranty.
We offer the following warranty for these tools:
We offer a warranty in accordance with the following regulations (Nos. 2 - 7) by providing free remedial measures for any defects in the tool which can be proven to be due to a material or manufacturing fault during the warranty period.
The warranty period is 24 months, in case of commercial or professional use as well as in case of equivalent stress 12 months.
The warranty period begins at the time of purchase by the first end user.
The date on the original receipt is what matters.
For all blue professional electric tools and measuring tools purchased on or after September 1, 2004 (with the exception of high-frequency tools, industrial cordless screwdrivers and pneumatic tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months if the tools are registered within 4 weeks of the date of purchase.
Battery packs and chargers as well as supplied accessories are not included in this warranty extension.
Registration is only possible online at www.bosch- pt.com/ warranty.
The registration receipt shall constitute proof of registration; it must be printed immediately and the original sales receipt, which indicates the date of purchase, must be presented.
Registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data.
The warranty does not cover parts subject to wear and tear due to normal use or other natural causes, nor defects in tools due to normal wear and tear, abnormal environmental conditions, unusual operating conditions, overload or failure to maintain or care for the tool.
Defects caused by the use of accessories, add-ons or spare parts other than original Bosch parts.
Tools which have undergone changes or additions.
Minor deviations from the specified properties with regard to value and suitability for use of the tool.
The remedy for any lack of conformity which we recognise as being our responsibility is at our discretion either to repair the defective appliance free of charge or to replace it with a defect-free appliance (including a replacement model, where appropriate).
Replaced tools or parts become our property.
When was the deadline?
I have a three-month notice.
LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
Thanks to the combination of a digital decoder and a sound module on a single circuit board, dimensions of only 30mm x 15.5mm can be achieved. This allows mounting in almost any loco of track gauges H0 and 0.
LokSound 5 decoders are available with all common interfaces and are always equipped with a 11 x 15 mm "candy bar" speaker and a complete speaker kit.
Like all members of the family, the LokSound5 is a true multiprotocol decoder.
It handles the DCC data format as well as Motorola®, Selectric ® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 steps are as self-evident as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
Thanks to RailComPlus®, the decoders automatically connect to a suitable digital control centre.
It handles all DCC programming modes. RailCom® allows reading CV values on mainline.
For computers that can only program CVs 1-254 there are auxiliary registers.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 programmable channels and 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses enable the triggering of 16 functions.
Built-in programming mode allows reprogramming of the venerable ControlUnit 6021.
The M4 protocol allows automatic login to compatible hosts.
The LokSound 5 decoder recognizes Märklin® track circuits as well as Zimo® HLU brake commands or the Lenz® ABC system.
It is also possible to brake with DCC brake shoes or with DC voltage.
In addition, it also applies to a Selectrix® brake diode.
An automated guided vehicle system allows automatic transfer between two stations.
The LokSound 5 can be used on analogue DC and AC tracks.
After my voucher is not extended because of a complaint, which never reached me, I will spend my order of approx.
Remove #NUMBER# from my cart and order elsewhere where customer service is a priority and I don't have to type my fingers off just to reach you!!
What should I do with this number?
Johnson wants to push ahead with Omikron debriefing
New Omikron cases concern politicians and scientists in Great Britain.
That is why we want everyone eligible to be offered the vaccine in England by New Year's Day.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to accelerate his country's response to the coronavirus outbreak even further, in light of soaring numbers of omicron cases.
Every adult in England should have the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, provided they have had at least three months since their second vaccination, Johnson said in a pre-recorded video message to his countrymen on Sunday night.
The target date was previously the end of January.
The UK Government will provide additional support to accelerate vaccination in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
With the Omikron variant, we are facing an emergency situation and that is why vaccination must be stepped up as a matter of urgency, said Mr Johnson.
The good news was that the protection level could be restored with a third dose of vaccine.
Now let's get you boosted up," Johnson said.
There were 1239 new confirmed cases of swine flu in the UK on Sunday, taking the total to 3137.
This was a 65 percent increase compared to the previous day. dpa
will the full amount be reimbursed from the purchase price on collection?
I want everyone to introduce themselves with pronouns.
I sent in my application.
Today I got an invitation to a talk via mail.
I want to answer that e-mail.
But unfortunately the name is not a "Peter," but a somewhat more complicated name.
I put it into Google and according to where they're culturally from, it's either a he or a she.
**I have no idea how to write the email now.
Can anybody help me, please?
** I'm a foreigner and don't want to step on any official's toes.
Conclusion: everyone should do pronouns.
I have a total of 5 books.
4 of them are going.
Only the one I bought today doesn't work.
Obviously, the chair had a latent defect at the time of sale.
ow else could there be internal damage after nine months?
I'm trying on #PRS_ ORG# first.
But that has been the case for about
14 days or less.
That's why I've been buying the last books from the website and reading them on my #PRS_Org.
I bought # PRS_ORG # 6 and wanted to buy # 8.
There were none.
They're back on the floor, and I'd like you to add two chairs to my check, please.
That feeling of not being able to help.
Trigger warning: I'm going to be writing something detailed about domestic violence here.
I just need to write something for myself.
As part of my job, I come into contact more frequently with victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence.
One theme that comes up again and again, and unfortunately all too frequently, is that many victims do not allow themselves to be helped, or think that we cannot help them.
I am well aware that we cannot do everything and that it is not perfect.
But there are few things in my line of work that move me more than being helpless in situations like these.
I see the blue marks, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a face-to-face conversation, out of sight and hearing of the offender, I cannot reach everyone.
I do not know what the reason is, maybe it is fear, fear of revenge, fear of leaving the usual social environment, fear of depriving children of it.
Something I would like to make clear to everyone, partly to myself, is that everyone deserves to be able to live without violence.
I want women to know that they don't have to just take violence.
Often I wish I could help in some way... I know I can't.
It will never get any easier.
Please, always remember you deserve to live a life free of violence, it's so incredibly important.
Is 'Arcane' on Netflix?
Fantasy, complicated names, breathtaking scenery: "Arcane," the series set in the universe of the "League Of Legends" video game, has recently launched on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby debacle for MHP RIESEN Ludwigsburg against Merlins CRAILSHEIM
At least he could rely on youngster Johannes Patrick.
Nothing again: For the second time within less than three months, the giants from Crailsheim lost - and how!
Prior to the match, Ludwigsburg head coach John Patrick reflected on the team's early October cup loss to Crailsheim, saying, "We still have some anger in our stomachs."
After the game, however, the share price did not lie down, but rose again in the light of the 61:76 (28:41) defeat in the Bundesliga.
Whereby more than the mere result the way the team performed disappointed.
A statistic that sums up the whole dilemma is as follows: The three-point percentage was just 13 percent, 4 hits (all by young Johannes Patrick) in 31 attempts - any questions?
John Patrick had an answer for that too: "After our win over Tenerife we just weren't concentrated enough and we didn't carry out our training."
The object of the game is to move the ball.
Sebastian Gleim had a completely different reaction to the game: "It was a sexy game to win against Ludwigsburg for the second time," said the happy coach.
It felt like 10,000 people.
Only 750 people were allowed into the Hohenlohe arena on Saturday, but they got their money's worth.
The Fraport Skyliners were led by BBL top scorer T.J.
He was the best playmaker I ever coached, "said Gleim.
While on Patrick's team, the performers such as Jordan Hulls (who had 0 points) and Jonah Rademacher (who had 7) struggled mightily.
It wasn't until the last quarter (22-15) that the Giants prevented a total disaster and came within eight points, after being behind 39-59.
Johannes Patrick and Justin Simon both scored twelve points.
Fortunately, there is little time left for brooding.
On Wednesday (7:30 pm) the Riesen welcome the Skyliners Frankfurt, then also in Ludwigsburg a maximum of 750 spectators.
we used to have a different email address, but i changed it.
Yes, I applied months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We consulted a lawyer and wrote to them again.
We actually signed up over a year ago.
Always poised as though he'd just hatched: Max Raabe turns 59
He can delight his audience with new interpretations of hits from the 20's and 30's.
He is currently touring with "Hello, love, good luck" - if he is allowed to perform.
Max Raabe would have celebrated his birthday on stage in Leipzig on Sunday.
But it goes nowhere.
The planned concert has been rescheduled to May 2022 - "at the request of the authorities" to contain the Coronavirus.
Other appearances he had planned for the time of Advent will have to be postponed, as it says on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palastorchester.de).
From January, the artists want to make up dates that were postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Max Raabe was born on 12th December 1962 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia.
He studied opera singing in Berlin and in 1986, together with some fellow students, he founded the Palast Orchestra.
Since then, the baritone has made a name for himself with his repertoire of hits and chanson, in the style of the "Comedian Harmonists."
He has won many awards.
== References ====External links==* Official website
It's gone from the fringe to the mainstream.
Always elegantly attired, his blonde hair slicked back and scrupulously parted, Max Raabe is now indispensable in the German-speaking musical world.
He is touring with the show "Hello, lucky!" since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample of the wood furniture?
It to be supplemented with existing furniture and so we could check before whether it fits color
It still doesn't work I can only long for the cover but not to turn.
Federal Minister Geywitz: Expropriation does not create new housing
The new Federal Minister for Housing, Klara Geywitz, (SPD) has spoken out against the expropriation of large apartment companies, as demanded in a referendum in Berlin.
In an interview with the Tagesspiegel newspaper, Geywitz said: "Expropriation does not create a single new apartment - only the owner structure changes."
My goal is to give tenants peace of mind that their rent will remain affordable for years to come.
Incidentally, a colourful mix of private landlords, cooperatives and housing associations is the best protection against monopoly formation.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens and Left Party will set up an expert commission to deal with the result of the referendum.
But if the situation does not calm down, Geywitz is not ruling out talks with the FDP on further restrictions to the rental market.
The coalition agreement provides for a rental price brake until 2029 and limits on rent increases in tight housing markets.
I will speak to the Minister of Justice to implement this as soon as possible.
If the rental market does not relax anyway, "we will talk with the coalition partners about further steps," emphasized the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and a few days later I realized I forgot the last step of payment.
Unfortunately this product is no longer available.
o you know when it will be available again?
Or will it ever happen again?
Storage space (180 x 100 cm)
Voucher sounds super
I will activate it when I place a new order.
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does shipping take?
I already cut my finger.
This is sheer impertinence.
At least 100 dead from Kentucky tornadoes
Severe storm system has spawned a number of tornadoes across the U.S.
In Kentucky alone, more than 100 dead may be attributed to the storm.
The pictures from there remind one of a war zone.
In the night to Saturday, several tornadoes caused severe damage in the USA and possibly claimed up to one hundred fatalities.
The storms left a path of destruction about 200 miles long, mainly in the state of Kentucky.
Its governor, Andy Beshear, said after visiting the disaster area that "everything in its path was gone."
Houses, shops, government buildings - gone.
Pieces of industrial plant, roofs are in the trees.
It is hard to imagine that this is possible at all.
He is alone in the state of Kentucky with up to a hundred deaths, the official figures are rising hourly.
Hi, I just saw that you have Vitis #NAME# in stock.
That's too bad.
Is it still in production?
Has it been completely discontinued?
Is it possible to order this cabinet in another country?
How long will you be filing?
f the delivery cannot be done to my apartment, I will have to cancel the order!
I understand that, but how can I order the blanket and have it shipped to Germany? It is in your shopping cart.
I had sent back an item via the contact form or a return and wanted to ask if this came or is being processed, as I have not yet received a confirmation e-mail.
Companies pay vaccination fees and change their slogans
Whilst the federal government continues to refuse the proposal for a vaccination premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative themselves and are offering their employees cash bonuses for vaccination.
In doing so, they are siding with the social partner organisations ÖGB and the Austrian Chamber of Commerce, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
Changing advertising slogans to promote vaccination - following the German example - is supposed to increase willingness to be vaccinated against the corona virus.
He changed to another company about which he used to joke.
It doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It's a year ago.
He obviously didn't stick around in his old job. He went looking for something else.
You can too.
That he didn't like you back then?
I mean, he hated his job, too.
There are too many variables.
Could you take a message?
That could be relevant in a court of law.
I'll do a screen shot.
Hi, I'm interested in the Boone dining table, in white.
Do you have it in an extra large 6 ft. long?
In our online store kitchenpoint.de we offer all Smeg kitchen appliances and the corresponding accessories.
We will check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new coffee machine by Smeg delivers freshly ground coffee to your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the plastic surface in matt colours in combination with the brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG coffee machine with milk frother into a design object.
In line with the reduced design, all functions such as dosage level and amount of water, as well as the choice of espresso, americano, ristretto or mild coffee can be selected using just four buttons.
The steam plant also allows the preparation of coffee milk and milk foam specialties.
Help on your first campaign
Boron to ground!
I'm currently running a group of 4 friends through the Adventures over the Edge of the Known World and want to seamlessly transition my heroes into a campaign I'm writing specifically for them.
We're playing DSA-5.
The big arch is finished, the villains and their motivations are written, the individual acts are invented and now I am writing the introduction adventure and I already stumble at the first encounter over my own feet.
The premise is that the heroes are to deliver a cartload of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near Lake Thuran.
That's where the action should be.
Some miles from the village, the heroes are waylaid by a group of goblins and led into an ambush.
I want to give player characters the opportunity to solve the confrontation in different ways: convince, act, threaten, recognize danger early, whatever the players can come up with.
Total strength: 8 common goblins, 1 with spear, 6 with bows and swords
If undetected, the goblins will ambush the hero in a high road, flanking the wagon to the left and right with three archers each, while two goblins with spears stop the wagon.
If this should come to battle, and the heroes should fall, I have two options.
1. The heroes all fall unconscious and are subsequently found and cured by the village schoolteacher, an elf half-breed.
The cart is gone, of course.
2. If a defeat is unavoidable, then this Halfelf with two of his servants intervenes and comes to the hero's aid in the fight.
The cart is still there, everything is super.
How does your Deus ex Machina hold up to Solution 2?
Is the Encounter too much adventure for a first cruise?
The goblin group will play an important role later on, so they are not just cannon fodder.
wow, i didn't expect so many answers, especially not with so many great suggestions and tips.
I will definitely implement many of your ideas and now have more confidence in my narrative.
I took the lamp apart again.
They're at it again.
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work.
That's why I'd still like to send them back.
Can you have the backs brought around then, so I can pack up the lamp and get it to #prs_org#?
Save on shipping costs and time - while easing the burden on the environment!
If you need more than one of the same item, please click "Pay Now" once all items are in your cart.
This automatically calculates the postage for you and you will receive everything in one package.
This way you will save on multiple shipping invoices and the environment will thank you for not using unnecessary packaging materials and fuel for multiple deliveries.
Fast delivery with DHL, DPD and Deutsche Post!
As a rule we send out your order on the same working day, provided payment is received by 2.00 p.m.
To get your package as soon as possible, please make sure that your address is complete and that it is also on your mailbox and your bell.
Do you want us to mail your package to a post office box?
Please select DHL as your courier as only DHL is permitted to deliver to DHL Packstations.
We will send you an e-mail containing the order number if you select DHL or DPD as the shipping company.
You can then check from about 10:00 pm onwards where your parcel is.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would appreciate it if you would rate us positively and give all 5 stars in the detailed assessment.
Should it happen that not everything was handled to your full satisfaction, we would appreciate hearing from you before you post a review.
It's the only way we have a chance to do everything we can to make you happy.
We didn't do anything with the chair.
and suddenly the tear was there
I just sat on them.
Here you can see the lower part, so the part with the damaged storage.
If so, will it all be picked up, or just the storage space?
I'm fed up with Sky Sports F1
Hello dear F1 fans, throughout the season the quality on German Sky has been decreasing more and more, so I need to vent a bit with this post.
First of all, the F2 race was interrupted in the middle of the race in order to start the F1 pre-race coverage on time.
The schedule was far behind because of the delayed start and the accident, but they could have shown the last ten minutes and the championship decision.
But apparently for legal reasons F1 takes priority and therefore everything else has to be constrained, so Sky DE didn't have a choice here.
Still, silly really, given that Sky UK had the rights to broadcast the race.
Nevertheless a little praise: the commentator Olivier ZwartYes has accompanied the difficult situation around the serious accident well.
Later in the race F1 commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schuumacher realised they were allowed to change tyres under a red flag.
Although there have been situations this year in Imola and Baku and Silverstone where Verstappen has been allowed to change tyres, it was only when there were radio instructions to that effect for Hamilton that the two came to the conclusion that Verstappen was allowed to do so.
Both commentators at Sky UK as well as RTL knew immediately that there was this possibility for Verstappen.
I think you should know the basic rules if you are going to commentate on F1 for a pay-TV channel.
It is also not the first puzzle that now according to the rules possible or prescribed, both have simply persistent uncertainties in the topic of the rules.
More generally, Roos' artificial commentary style is not liked, but it is conceded that this is a matter of taste.
But seriously, I actually like RTL's Heiko Wasser better.
There are constant stupidities that make both of them look simply unprofessional, such as ordering coffee with reporter Peter Hardenacke (who is just as clueless) or Ralf Schumacher's "Uuuuuhhhd."
The latter in particular brings a lot of disturbance into the commentary, which apparently does not take it seriously.
Not least, the advertising just takes over at Sky, in the final round is Sky the only channel that goes into advertising, as one can listen to F1TV there is only the German soundtrack without commentary must be directly after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor the ORF does.
Both also make less advertising in the training than Sky, and that as a free-TV station.
Although I must praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, this does not make me overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of the schedule of Sky Sport F1 is also very weak and full of repeats.
Overall Sky is really the worst German-speaking channel that broadcasts the F1.
Ironically RTL does a better job with the four remaining races except for the advertising.
Thus the grand prix season is a lot less fun than it could be with a decent broadcaster.
I'd be interested in your opinion.
x 1
Hello, I have a product that was supposed to be delivered last week and still hasn't been delivered.
I've pinged the chat twice so far, and nothing.
The First Lady told me that it was going out on Monday, the Second Lady told me yesterday that she was checking and sending an e-mail and she's never responded.
Hello, I have ordered on 12.11.19 at 14:00 2 x # PRS_ORG #.
One of them has already shown a defect after a relatively short time (the material has a hole in the front part of the chair).
I'm asking for your help.
External filters are ideal for additional oxygenation of the aquarium.
It is also possible to operate a filter system by means of air lifts.
This series is available in 3 different versions.
See the table at the end of this offer.
There you can compare the performances.
If the pumps are powerful enough, you can run entire systems with them.
If you own a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable, so that you can connect several outlets.
The MK series has one, two or four outlets, depending on the model. However, fan pumps are also available in order to set an accent in the aquarium, e.g. with an air curtain (to be found in our shop) or with a decor that transforms the air bubbles into a function.
Here you would call a treasure chest, shell or the like.
The MK series has a special, sound-absorbed design, which results in low operating noise.
Installation is very simple.
The fan pump is connected via a 4/6 mm (3/16") air hose to an exhaust pipe or similar...and off you go.
The fan pump should be the same, or higher than the water level and be placed outside.
If the circulation pump is located lower than the water level, a check valve should be placed in between.
Just cut the air hose and put the valve in between.
This will prevent the water from running back into the pool through the pump...
If the fan pump is to be used outdoors it should, like other air pumps, be protected against moisture
MK series pumps are pure power packages that require very little energy
Although we state a processing time of 3 days here on ebay, we package every day and the parcels are collected every day too.
Everything goes well, it goes very quickly.
We just do not want anyone to be upset if there is a delay.
It would be so, not everyone has understanding for all the employees who also work in the forwarding business...of course here there is no stopping Corona.
Please do not rate bad immediately, only because the delivery is delayed, this is solely due to the parcel services.
Of course people like to moan about these services, even if we're saying at the moment... they've had it bloody tough
Again, this varies considerably from region to region.
Don't be angry with anyone, stay healthy and we all hope there will be better times again.
how long does it take to order the yellow with and without armrests?
Can you get your legs waxed here?
Amazon founder Bezo sends his daughter - an astronaut and TV host - into space
The daughter of the first American to fly in space, a television personality, and four other passengers made a short trip into space.
They were carried aloft Saturday by Blue Origin's New Shepard rocket, owned by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
The approximately ten-minute flight took off and landed in the west of the U.S. state of Texas.
Under a brilliant blue sky, Bezos himself greeted the returning astronauts.
Bezos, wearing a blue jumpsuit, said, "Welcome back" as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
With family, friends and Blue Origin employees cheering, the six passengers slowly climbed out and hugged the Amazon founder.
Blue Origin said it traveled 10 minutes and 13 seconds, reaching a height of 323,000 feet.
Among the seven people on board were two celebrities: Alan Shepard's daughter Laura Churchley, 74, and television personality Michael Strahan, 50. The other four passengers were space industry engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, tech entrepreneur Lane Bess, and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not disclose how much each ticket cost.
After the short flight, Laura Shephard Churchley remembered her father's mission.
He said he worked hard on his cases and had to do everything himself.
I just went along for the ride, said the 74-year-old with a laugh.
Even Michael Strahan was raving about it.
He would like to fly into space again, the moderator said.
Blue Origin's New Shepard goes all the way to space and back
The new shepard rocket system flies largely autonomously.
The capsule, which separated from the rocket during flight, reached an altitude of about 100 kilometres above the Earth.
The Fédération Aéronautique Internationale and many other experts define the boundary of space at 100 kilometers (km) above the Earth's sea level.
It was already Blue Origin's third manned spaceflight: the first, in July, saw Bezos himself on board, along with his brother Mark, an 82-year-old former US pilot and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
The second, in October, featured 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner, best known for his role as Captain Kirk in the "Star Trek" franchise; former NASA engineer Chris Boshuizen; entrepreneur Glen de Vries; and Audrey Powers, the vice president of Blue Origin.
Critics charge that Bezos and Blue Origin are promoting commercial space travel for largely non-scientific research interests for the good of humanity and with little regard for climate concerns.
With just a push of a button you can decide whether your Smart Stone should permanently glow in one colour or whether it should play all the colours of the rainbow.
When the mood light is switched on, the glow stone retains its light colour for approximately one minute, before transitioning smoothly to the next decorative colour.
Thanks to its solid design, the Smart Stone lamp can be used outdoors all year round.
In snowy environments its light is particularly good - only the flash duration is to be expected to be shorter as the days get shorter.
In winter, please ensure that no snow covers the solar module.
The Smart Stone uses a rechargeable nickel metal hydride battery in the common AA format, which can be easily replaced if required.
You can extend the life of your candle even more by purchasing a suitable replacement glass.
High gloss effect spray that leaves a smooth finish similar to chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, in particular for the design of rims, wheel arches, paintable plastic parts after appropriate pre-treatment.
With this product, for the first time,DUPLI-COLOR offers a washable and weatherproof chrome spray.
For best results, apply the product on a black background, e.g. by using DUPLI­COLOR TUNING Effekt Primer.
Available as single can and in a set incl. effect primer and dust binding cloth for optimal preparation of the painting.
For use on metal, wood, glass, painted hard surfaces, stone.
Is there anything else I need to fill out?
You just need the tracking number for my mail?
Someone working or studying in biochemistry
I'm currently in my first semester studying Biochemistry and actually find the subject quite exciting and also don't mind being in the lab (have already done an inorganic chemistry practical).
Of course, I also looked into the career prospects before starting my studies, but at that point I still thought I would definitely study until I got my PhD.
But at the moment I'm having second thoughts, especially about the career prospects.
On the one hand (studycheck etc) one repeatedly hears super career opportunities and the profession is totally in demand, on the other hand one repeatedly hears of unemployed biologists and incredibly poorly paid positions.
Therefore, I would really like to know:
What are you working on at the moment?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What did you study/ what training have you had?
4) Would you do it all again?
Thanks a lot for your answers!
I am currently really unsure and am considering possibly leaving university in 2022 and doing a degree in information technology.
If you have any experience with this host, please write a review about it and help others to make the right choice.
Extra Stress before Holiday & Public Holiday Weekends
This subject came up last week with me.
But I had to use my long weekend to decompress.
I'll get a post up about it.
We have a lot of stress here at the plant, not just around the holidays, like Christmas.
It seems there is one even before holidays plus bridge days.
Because, you see, last week was the Assumption, which we Swiss call the "Ascension."
On Friday, most people and businesses take a "bridge day," which is semi-official.
So we had a long 4-day weekend at home.
So what happened last week?
Stress everywhere.
Loads of e-mails that had to be sent before we leave, orders here, orders there, everything *had* to be done before the long weekend.
Because, yes, because?
Because "next week then" sounds too final after all this time?
Or that people are willing to spend as much in a shortened week as they would in a normal week?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but also mightily irritated.
What is this holiday self-indulgence?
Why, then, have we holidays if we are not to enjoy them properly?
The stress didn't come from above. Everyone was quite self-directed.
My question is simply this: are we Swiss in this regard?
Is this our Reformed way of doing things?
Or is that known in the North?
Looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia - Yvonne Catterfeld
She hasn't bought any presents yet.
The beautiful, even if there should be no snow in Erfurt, then one simply drives to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest, "said the actress and singer Hit Radio FFH.
She will get in the spirit by baking cookies with her son and playing catch.
Catterfeld said: "I love that.
But there is still much to do before the contemplative days: "For the first time I have no presents, I must get a move on now."
NEKTON-bio supports a smooth running of the molt and feather regeneration.
NEKTON-bio contains all vital vitamins, amino acids, mineral substances, trace elements and 200,000µg of biotin per kg.
NECTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny plumage.
The majority of the lesions occurring in captivity are exclusively due to nutritional disorders.
As the feathers are made of protein, a particularly rich and balanced diet is required for the formation of a faultless feather coat.
For a functioning metabolism, the daily nutrition must contain enough vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
Much of the loss in livestock occurring during the lactation period is due to inadequate or imbalanced protein intake and/or vitamin and mineral deficiencies.
In the composition of NEKTON-bio, the unfavourable amino acid ratio of most vegetable feed is taken into account and balanced.
No other vitamin preparation should be administered while taking NEKTON-bio.
NECTON-Bio is water soluble and can be easily administered via the drinking water or soft feed.
Thank you, I found it
Sadly, it still doesn't work.
DDR handwork model Altbau E-lokomotive E 95.03 DRG/DR, the loco was in service in Silesia and central Germany, the very rare loco probably comes from the model railway enthusiast ME magazine 11 / 1968 conversion proposal, used with playing traces and missing parts see photos, function good, The Class E 95 is a heavy freight electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn Gesellschaft (DRG), which was conceived for the traction of heavy coal trains in the Silesian network, possibly the kit also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTZKE and BACHMANN
One locomotive is in the museum Halle (Saale) and one is operational
In 1924 the German Reichsbahn Gesellschaft commissioned the AEG to submit proposals for an electric locomotive capable of hauling 2,200-ton freight trains and 530-ton passenger trains at 45 km/h on this route.
The speed limit was 65km/h.
So the DRG decided in March 1926 on the delivery as a 1'Co+Co1' locomotive with AEG worm gear drive with the delivery of the mechanical part, the Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which were given the operating numbers E 95 01-06.
All survived World War II and found themselves in the territory of the later GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives were sent to the Soviet Union as reparations.
They returned to Germany in November of 1952.
At the Reichsbahn repair shop in Dessau the processability of all six locomotives was assessed.
Due to the increasing electrification of the mid-German network, there was a growing need for locomotives for heavy freight train services.
At first, the E 04s, E 44s and E 94s, which were available in larger numbers, were overhauled first.
Only when it became apparent with the E 94 that the processing number could no longer be increased, did the focus shift to the E 95.
They were first stationed at the Leipzig-Wahren depot.
In 1960 they came to the Halle P depot.
They were mostly used in a separate circulation plan in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal to Halle, Leipzig and Erfurt.
As locomotives got older, their complicated controls became a problem.
This often led to gunners becoming stuck in the open hatches.
Beimann, who had to accompany the locomotive at all times, had to use hammer and wooden wedge to clear the pins during the journey.
Damage to the traction motors was a frequent occurrence and often led to the locomotive being out of service for several months at a time.
By the end of the 1960s, enough new build locomotives were available and the electrification was not planned to be extended significantly, so the Reichsbahn could do without old locomotives and most of the branch line types, so the E 95s were taken out of service.
In addition, the Deutsche Reichsbahn wanted to operate electric locomotives with a crew of one man only, which would have been a problem for the reasons mentioned above.
After the withdrawal of 02 and 03 in mid 1969, the 01 was the last E95 to be taken out of service on 5 October 1970.
The new nomenclature 255001 provided for was never used.
All locomotives have been dismantled except E 94 02.
As a replacement for the future museum locomotive Class E 77 no. 10, the Class E 95 no. 02 was put on display at Halle Central Station.
It took some time to convince the Reichsbahn management that the E 95 should be preserved as a museum piece.
In 1979 the external restoration of the locomotive began with the aim of presenting it at an exhibition of vehicles in RAW Dessau.
Since then it has been part of the Dresden Transport Museum as a museum non-operational locomotive.
In 1986 the locomotive was completed internally.
The locomotive is part of the collection of the DB Museum Halle.
Since 1995, employees of the Bw Halle P e.V. association have been restoring the loco for operation.
The loco could be exhibited for the first time in a new inner and outer paintwork at an exhibition in the museum depot in Arnstadt in April 2014.
The locomotives were in service on the Silesian Mountain Railway and its branch lines until 1945.
In February 1945 the machines were moved to Leipzig to be part of the central German network.
The main area of application was initially Silesia
0 scale model in OVP, function good, there are optical after-treatments at the loco in own work, dusty, with playing traces, cellar smell!!!, very rare scale model, very small issue- maybe the kit also comes from the small-series firm ZSCHUTZKE and BACHMANN
The packaging may show signs of labelling and storage.
Yes, the F-parts are.
I got a bed of you.
However, there were problems with one section.
The central beam is held by two feet, but they are too narrow to be used for mounting the beam.
What do we do now?
I can't put the bed together.
The middle bar is held by two feet, these are unfortunately produced faulty.
The center bar will not fit into the provided holder.
So they send me new ones.
When are they leaving?
No, no flat ones.
These are, according to the assembly instructions the right ones, they were just too narrow
But it doesn't matter.
As long as it gets the job done.
They're not flat with me.
Could I have these sent over?
Hello #NAME#, should I explain the problem again?
Dwelling fire with two minor injuries and high damage
Two people have been slightly injured in a house fire in upper Bavaria.
In addition, there was an estimated damage in the six-figure euro range, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire apparently started at a carport and spread to the nearby house.
Two residents were taken to hospital on Sunday with smoke poisoning, according to reports.
The exact cause of the fire is still unknown, but police do not suspect arson.
CID Fürstenfeldbruck have taken over the further investigations.
But it's not due for another 100 years.
And I had to pay expenses again
To Counter Fake News, Biontech CEO Posts Vaccine Photo · Global Voices
Ugur Shahin posted on the social network LinkedIn a photo of his first vaccination at the beginning of 2021
Biontech CEO Ugur Sahin has not publicly commented on his vaccination status so far.
Now the entrepreneur has published a photo showing his Corona infection.
He was moved to act when a friend became sick, Shahin said.
Ugur Sahin, the CEO and co-founder of Biontech, a biotech company based in Mainz, Germany, posted a photo of himself receiving a vaccine for the coronavirus.
There were false reports on social media that I had not been vaccinated.
In fact, my wife and I have been vaccinated with 3 doses of the Biontech- Pfizer vaccine," Shahin wrote on LinkedIn on Friday.
For several months now, friends have been asking me to post a photo of myself getting a shot to counter these false rumours.
So far he has refused, saying communication should not be about him.
But a call last week changed that: "I was deeply saddened to hear that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life.
He is fighting a severe case of Covid-19 and has been on a ventilator for three weeks.
The school friend and his family had not been vaccinated, Shahin went on.
He didn't ask why.
The most common cause, however, seems to be fear, often stoked by misinformation and distrust.
Fear can be difficult to combat with facts, and sometimes it's better to share personal experiences.
An interview with German broadcaster Deutsche Welle is circulating online in which Ugur Shahin says he has not been vaccinated.
However, as Deutsche Welle itself makes clear, the video was created in December 2020.
"It is currently illegal for me to get the vaccine myself," Shahin said at the time.
In Germany there is a prioritisation in the allocation of the vaccine.
Prioritisation has since been lifted and the CEO of Biontech has reportedly been vaccinated three times.
Fires in pylons: tens of thousands of people without electricity
On Friday evening several municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia were left in the dark: no electricity and in many cases probably no heating either.
A fire had crippled an electrical substation.
Tens of thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia had to do without electricity for about 24 hours after a fire caused severe damage to a substation.
The fire, which broke out on Friday evening, has left 41,000 people without electricity in several municipalities.
Power supplier Westnetz reported that on Saturday numerous emergency power systems had been put into operation until the large-scale disruption could finally be completely remedied late in the evening.
Firefighters and volunteers from the THW (Technische Hilfswerk) provided support in the municipalities.
The authorities set up care places in schools and called for help from neighbours.
The utility thanked those affected for their patience and the helpers for their commitment.
We are well aware that the last 24 hours have brought considerable restrictions.
We would also like to thank the municipalities, the district, the fire departments, and the THW for their tireless efforts," said Florian Witt, head of the primary technology division, in a message on Saturday evening.
The repair of the damage will take several more days, as the Westnetz fitters have been able to put some cables back into operation only on a provisional basis, he explained.
The fire was caused by a technical fault, according to the company.
Power's coming back on.
The fire, which broke out at about 7.15 p.m., has, according to Westnetz, severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switchgear in the substation at Neunkirchen- Seelscheid.
Extensive cleaning and repair work is necessary.
In addition, a connection to a 30 kV voltage level has been created.
With the bypass online, we should have power restored.
Since 6 p.m. on Saturday, 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
A further 20,000 people from Neunkirchen and Seelscheid were switched on at 9.30pm.
Power had been restored by 11:15 p.m. to the last customers affected by the outage.
More than 80 installers from Westnetz and partner companies were involved.
Authorities had called for neighbors to help after setting up a backup power supply for key buildings on Saturday afternoon.
Now it is important that citizens take care of their neighbours, especially older people or those living on their own, and let the local fire brigade know if help is needed, "said Sebastián Schuster, (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
In setting up and operating the emergency power plants, the focus was primarily on residents of nursing homes.
In addition, according to the authorities, temporary care beds were set up in schools for those people who could not take care of themselves or who require electrically powered medical equipment and need medical care.
Hello there!
Unfortunately, the cover in Germany is sold out.
Can I buy them in Europe and pay in euros?
It is the organ cover # PRS_ORG # in blue green.
I hope you all have a great day and stay healthy!
However, I cannot mount the lower shelf on the table top.
This is a Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions.
We wanted those with tabletop diameter of #NUMBER#
diameter at the bottom is 155 cm.
Today I got my #PRS_Org but I can't force them together and thus shorten them.
Can you help me anymore?
Otherwise I'll have to send it back as it is useless for the purpose.
I would appreciate a response.
Yes, it really is that simple!
We'll do it like this.
send me the return form by mail?
the repair is now complete.
I tried that before the chat.
Unfortunately I had not restarted the #PRS_ORG before the purchase.
You want me to do this now?
I think a credit that low is almost embarrassing.
We do not agree with this.
Nordic Combined: Riiber wins
German nordic combined athletes Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid both made the podium at the World Cup in Otepää, Estonia.
The duo had to concede to the outstanding Norwegian, Jarl Magnus RIIBER, who had already started the pursuit with a large lead after the ski jumping.
Return of Order #NUMBER#
When will the balance be restored to my account?
So we both made new ones and we're using version 4.5...
you've probably heard of our little problem
I just bought a book with my #PRS_Org# card. It looks like it's in there.
Just as I'm about to open it, I get this message: UPS!
This document could not be opened.
In case of defects please contact our customer service.
From what I can tell it's a #PRS_ORGN# epub file.
Can you help me anymore?
Chat's gone dead and now?
I've got a business to run here.
To apply the paint evenly and cleanly, dust, grease and finger marks should be removed from the components using soap and water, rinsed with clear water and dried.
Before you apply the paint to your model for the first time, we recommend that you do a few practice strokes.
You can do this on the non-visible side of the pieces or on a yoghurt cup.
The first character of the component
Draw the brush stroke next to stroke.
Light overlap of the colour coats ensures an even surface later on.
Avoid quick back and forth strokes with the brush.
This leads to unrealistically behaving surfaces.
Come on. A model's not a fence.
Start with the light colors.
It's so the dark ones can't get in later.
Metal tones and metallic colors come last with a separate brush.
Otherwise there can be ugly metallic flakes when mixing with normal colors.
Leave the painted parts to dry for a day before assembling.
The models come with decals for different markings.
From national markings on aircraft to the names of ships, and from decorative strips to model car badges: The decals give the model that finishing touch.
Apply the decals in the correct order while the parts are still accessible.
A cockpit can be more easily cleaned before it is mated with the fuselage.
Even more important than the right tools such as scissors, tweezers and toothpicks is having patience and a steady hand when applying the patches.
Cut each required decal individually and arrange them as needed.
Decals are also called water slide decals because you briefly moisten the back of the decal until the carrier paper turns dark from the moisture.
Now slide the picture a little bit away from the paper and place it on the corresponding spot on the model (which you have also moistened before).
While holding the decal against the model with a tool, pull the carrier paper away at the sides.
Tip: Always make sure that the picture is correctly positioned on the paper before you cut it out completely, so that it does not stick to your fingers.
Squeeze excess water with a household towel.
Warning not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only open a book for a short while if I then look at something else, then I can no longer read the book and have to log in and log out and reload the book and search for the place I got to.
I already spoke with you on Saturday.
Will you send it to me by email?
For all three packages?
The lamp came in 3 separate packages.
ok, thanks anyway!
Then I'll buy elsewhere once the money's back.
But can I get it back trouble-free?
Treatment of congenital disorders under private health insurance / What is a "health insurance case"?
Hello, everyone.
We were in wishful thinking treatment for some time, now when it comes to billing with the health insurance, this suddenly puts on the brakes.
In order:
We had applied for the children's dream railway siding at the PKV in advance and were granted 3 trials.
There was no restriction whatsoever placed on the number of trials (e.g. temporal framework, success, etc.).
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was reimbursed by the PKV.
Some time later we tried for a second child and had 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but had not yet included these in our calculations.
Again we applied for cost coverage by the statutory health insurance and again we got 3 more trials admitted.
After some more trials (we carried out more trials than promised, the most expensive being charged to the CSA) we sent in the bills to the CSA and were in for a shock: instead of 5 trials (2+3) the CSA will only pay for 3 trials.
Reason: With the pregnancy/birth the other 2 trials of the first acceptance fail.
Your second wish is an entirely new policy.
However, according to the General Insurance Conditions (VVG), "The insurance event begins with the medical treatment and ends when there is no longer any need for treatment."
Questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who is right, the PKV (only 3 attempts are made) or we (there are 5 attempts to be made)?
* Should the health insurance have pointed out to us that with a birth the further attempts would be invalid?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
The infertility (caused by blocked fallopian tubes) will not be cured by having your first child.
It would be great if some of the experts here would weigh in.
Thanks in advance for your help!
Can you email me the three options and tell me how to reach them again
All right.
We're done ordering from them.
Adding up the turnover from me and my boyfriend #NAME# (same address) they obviously lost a good customer.
You can tell your manager I said that.
That's not competitive.
Yesterday colleague told me that the refund was done and now you are telling me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can not do anything that the chest of drawers arrives completely destroyed with me
Please look at the screenshot of what the colleague wrote
It clearly states that the refund was issued and I still have not received the refund in the amount of $239.00 via #PRS_BEN#
You can tell your manager that you just lost two major clients.
My boyfriend also ordered various furniture for our apartment through his account.
We won't be doing that anymore.
No, the defect didn't show up for months.
An office chair must be able to withstand normal use.
Otherwise they can't sell it as an office chair.
In any case, the 24-month warranty applies.
No, I'm not able to get another kind of packaging.
I'll dismantle the cupboard and make it available for the removal men.
Hello, I have a question about your series of #PRS_Org#
These products are advertised with additional earnable hockers, but we can't find them on your website.
Can you help?
This week: the best low budget movies
What exactly is a low-budget film, there is no general definition with exact budget limits.
According to wikipedia:
>A no-budget film or no-budget movie or ultra-low-budget (ULB) film is a motion picture created with no or very low funding.
Online you can find plenty of lists of low budget films, for example on letterboxd.com.
Do you know of any good representatives of this category?
What's your hurry?
And what might you not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, have already furnished 2 apartments completely with your furniture.
Wanted to get the best price on the gray leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has been extended again, is it reliable now?
Thank you very much.
Best wishes,
There is no telephone number, a chat where you have to wait 30min is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes in the waiting position... I will soon give up, because it just does not work here.
Hello.
Half a victory for the EU in Belarus at a high price
The EU can announce a "half-victory" in its conflict with the Belarusian regime, political expert Raphaël Bossong believes.
But the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at Belarus' borders with Poland and Lithuania," Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
The EU did not sustainably solve the confrontation, said the researcher at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs (SWP).
This kind of zombie state - Belarus is not quite dead, but the EU feels like a winner - will probably continue for some time.
The treatment of people at the border is not in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights," Bossong concluded.
There appears to be a 'growing normalisation of pushbacks' by individual EU governments.
Because the EU as a whole has not taken a firm stance against it, this is at the expense of fundamental rights.
At the same time, this evolution is undermining the cohesion of the Union.
She obviously cannot make headway when a Member State sets its mind on doing things its own way, as is currently the case with Poland, which is not even allowing the EU border protection agency, Frontex, access to the border.
In addition, the EU is paying a further price for its policy towards the border with Belarus, according to Bossong: A basic agreement on asylum policy will be made more difficult as the line "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Attempt to cross the border again
Meanwhile, according to Poland's Border Protection, there have been new attempts by migrants to enter Polish territory via Belarus.
Fifty-five migrants were arrested overnight Saturday and returned to the border, an agency spokeswoman said Sunday.
The Polish officials were stoned by the migrants near the Czeremsza locality during the incident.
One soldier was reported to have been hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
In total, border guards registered 52 attempts to cross the border illegally within 24 hours.
On Friday night, a group of 28 migrants had crossed the border fences.
Thousands of people from countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed or tried to cross the border between Belarus and the EU in recent months.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko of being the power behind the throne in Minsk.
Poland and Lithuania reportedly closed border crossings.
The EU imposed sanctions on Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees to the country.
Furthermore, EU Commissioners travelled to the people's countries of origin to discourage them from leaving.
The most effective part of the EU's response had been the pressure put on the airlines, said Bossong.
The EU has "put its market might in the balance and proven its determination to operate with tough sanctions and extra-territorial measures."
Minsk must also take into account domestic political costs.
Belarusian society is probably not prepared for the fact that the security apparatus routinely washes thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes Protests After Controversial F1 Finish · Global Voices
Mercedes believe Max Verstappen committed two rules breaches during the race.
After the controversial F1 finale in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has lodged an appeal.
The silver arrows suspected of two rule violations in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest relates to an alleged infringement by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull in the last safety car phase, when he is said to have illegally overtaken.
A second protest was lodged against the classification at the end of the race.
In Mercedes' opinion the protocol was not adhered to.
The race was won by Max Verstappen driving for Red Bull Racing.
The manoeuvre occurred shortly after the end of a safety car period, during which the Dutchman had been passed by the car in front.
I'll check that.
I'll speak to the bank and let you know how I stand.
Thanks for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park hosts SC Freiburg fan day
The Europa-Park, which gave its name to the SC Freiburg's stadium, has invited the SC Freiburg Fanclub Fantag.
The Europa-Park was allowed to be visited free of charge by members and season ticket holders of the Sport-Club vom Breisgau as well as by members of the fan community on this day.
There were also coupons for drinks and sausage.
The coaster trains were painted red and white that day.
Fuchsen, Ed Euromaus and many red and white balloons provided the perfect setting," the park said.
The cooperation between the Bundesliga club and the leisure park, located 40 kilometres north of Freiburg in Rust, dates back to the early 1990s.
The cooperation between SC Freiburg and Europa-Park was evident once again at the first "SC Freiburg Fan Day" at Europa-Park.
Radiant fans having fun together in the roller coaster" confirms Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
hy is that #NUMBER# and not 1699 as originally?
Steps in the career of the new World Champion Verstappen
The Dutchman Max Verstappen is the new Formula 1 world champion.
Max Verstappen made it.
The Dutchman takes his maiden F1 title with Red Bull in his seventh year in the sport.
His way to the top of the king class:
2012, Italy: Verstappen loses the Kart World Championship title after a crash in Sarno.
Jos Verstappen Sr. leaves him at a petrol station on the way back.
His mother, Sophie Kumpen, collects the teenager in the car and drives off.
2014, UK: Red Bull's junior team got a promising young driver in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old follows in the footsteps of Sebastian VETTEL and Daniel RICCIARDO.
He then continued in European Formula Three.
2015, Australia: Verstappen makes his Formula One race debut at the age of 17 years and 166 days, becoming the youngest driver in Formula One history.
A fault forced him to retire his Toro Rosso prematurely in Melbourne.
2016, Mexico: Max Verstappen becomes the youngest race winner in F1 history at the age of 18 years and 228 days.
Verstappen finished seventh in Sepang at the Malaysian Grand Prix.
2016, Spain: Verstappen wins on his Red Bull race debut.
At 18 years and 228 days, he became, at the time, the youngest winner of a Formula One Grand Prix, at the 2008 Spanish Grand Prix.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his first pole position in Budapest - he is not the youngest.
At 21 years of age, he became the youngest ever pole-sitter in Formula One, breaking the record previously held by Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton.
2021,Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen, 24, won his first title at the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with a pass on Hamilton in the final corner.
I had a big fight with you back then about #NUMBER# when I ordered the #ORG_PRS# chest of drawers.
Judith Hermann reading from her novel "At Home"
On Friday, author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "At Home" in the sold-out Blue Note as part of the "literaTour Nord" reading series.
She is divorced, lives in a beach house and listens sensuously to the night noises at her front door.
I filled in the returns form yesterday but didn't get a confirmation email or anything.
My question is whether my application has been received.
Not everyone has time for your preachy chats and cheap crap from China.
Your mistake, and you're going to have to fix it, not every person in our household.
Please contact #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day.
We had chatted yesterday and agreed that I would receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a new order form for the #PRS_BAR_ORG night table and a return sticker.
That e-mail never came.
The package wants to bring today still to #PRs_ORG#.
Please contact me
Best wishes,
The LokSound 5 can play up to 10 channels at the same time.
Each channel can be resolved with up to 16 bit / 31.250 kHz and offers finally HiFi-quality on your installation.
The resulting sound is practically indistinguishable from the original.
A class-D audio amplifier with up to 3W output drives the loudspeakers, which may have an impedance of between 4 and 32 ohms.
The massive 128MB sound memory provides plenty of capacity.
Each individual sound can be adjusted in volume individually.
The super-flexible sound engine without hard routing plan allows the exemplary simulation of all conceivable railway vehicles.
Three separately adjustable brake functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicle.
But just because he says he's not anti-Semitic, that doesn't mean anything.
It's like a burglar saying he doesn't have anything against foreigners.
They're both too proud to admit it.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces some anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself from something then you should just let it go completely.
Wow, you're almost as unserious as Kollegah.
Anyone who seriously calls the evolution into question is simply completely lost.
Just to spite me, some god put it all in motion.
But once you're a creationist, you have to believe the Earth is 10,000 years old and that science is filled with lies.
Which makes you anti-science and not to be taken seriously as a colleague.
To get the best field of view, bring the magnifying glass as close as possible to your eye.
The specially designed lens system allows you to use the magnifying glass practically free from spherical and chromatic aberrations right up to the edge of the lens.
Magnifying loupes are often marked with a magnification specification.
However, such data are obtained under strictly controlled conditions which are rarely representative of normal conditions of use.
For optimum use of your magnifying glass, please note the information in the table "Technical Data."
Light reflections occur on the lens surfaces of all optical devices - including collision warning lamps.
The reflections are significantly reduced by an anti-glare coating.
With optimal wearing conditions - the lens almost touching the eye - reflections on the lens surface are less noticeable.
See leaflet for further information.
Zeiss VisuCard Magnifier Check Card Magnifier Pocket Magnifier Reading Magnifier Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid when you're on the move, or simply for everyday tasks: the Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal companion, as it can be taken anywhere thanks to its handy format.
Their hard layer makes them robust against special strains in the old day.
Each magnifying glass comes with a check card holder for storage and safe transport.
You offer on these parts, which you can see in the photos or under "What do you offer."
What condition is the item for sale in?
Everyone can oversee something once, because no human being is free of mistakes - should this once be the case, just write a message and it will be clarified to full satisfaction (either by exchange, partial refund or full refund).
You will receive a regular invoice.
It is always shipped, if not expressly desired otherwise by the buyer, insured with shipping number via DHL!
Please refer to the shipping costs detailed above.
There are no further transaction costs.
OK, everyone says it's authorized, but how do I check for sure?
Yes, both the email address
### PRS_ORG# will do very nice and good service, though it took until one got to a human, you were super
Greetings to the dear #PRS_Org# team,
I have already registered with you under the customer contact with the number # PHONE #.
Yes, but it used to.
You cannot deliver for #PRS_Org# from England.
Christmas tree sales in Schönwolde: in the municipality of Krembz, women look for the Christmas trees
Farmer Frank Diers has seen some strange situations in his 40 years of selling Christmas trees.
In one case a man was even sent home without his partner because they could not agree.
He plants about 2,000 of them every year.
Along the way, the 56-year-old has experienced some strange situations.
That's what makes the pre-Christmas time so fun, he says.
Are you serious?
Or I might take my custom elsewhere.
After all, I received a defective delivery and now have to pay the full price.
Then I shall judge accordingly.
We do not need to enter into any discussion here about the better court, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a rotating spit.
Thus, both have their name.
The German equivalent would be something like "Dreher," which doesn't sound nearly as good.
Fibre optics + Devolo dLan/Magic problems
We've had a new fibre optic cable in the house for a few weeks now.
Unfortunately I'm having issues getting a stable wifi network up.
Previously I had a 50Mbps ADSL connection and was using Devolo DLans which reliably received and transmitted at 50mbps with a few drop outs.
The new fibre optic cable transmits 500 MBit to the FritzBox 7360 and to the DLan module connected to the FritzBox.
However, at the other DLan module, which sends the wifi, no longer the full 500 come, but the further I am away from the module in the house, the less comes (so use a socket, which is 1, 2,3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
This leads to the fact that the Internet with the new glass fiber connection now on the first floor is even slower than before (45 Mbit).
I also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than the DLan, but again there were similar losses.
Can someone explain to me why fiber optics lose so much internet speed over copper wiring?
And is LAN really the solution?
It would be extremely expensive to run network cables throughout the house.
I'm really desperate. That's why I actually set up an account specifically for this.
Therefore, I would appreciate a reply all the more.
When it's time to change your current account
Who would have thought there'd be peace at the Giro accounts, is deceived.
While many banks used the autumn to get customers to confirm fee increases from the past by all kinds of tricks, the grace periods for negative interest rates are also shrinking.
Deutsche Bank, for example, was long considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
Now she's cut the daily allowance in half and quadrupled the hourly rate.
n a first step, the limit was lowered only for customers of the group's Postbank subsidiary - to ECU 50 000 for current and savings accounts and ECU 25 000 for call accounts.
But the lower rates now apply to all of Deutsche Bank, a spokesman confirmed when asked.
Not only for new contracts, but also for 'new individual arrangements with existing customers'.
Commerzbank has since reduced the limit to 50,000 euros, as has ING Deutschland.
The direct bank DKB, which is popular with cost-conscious customers, has reduced the lump sum amounts in two stages, first to 50,000 euros and now to 25,000 euro.
Nevertheless: More than 100 banks have, according to figures from the Internet portal Verivox, a free allowance of 25,000 euros or less.
Sparda-Bank Berlin has also reached the EUR 25 000 mark, but is still involved in legal proceedings with the consumer centres, which won their case at first instance in the Landgericht Berlin.
Banks are now discussing whether banks should make reserves - just in case the higher instances also declare the negative interest to be illegal and millions have to be paid back to bank customers.
There were delivered tables for 8 persons instead of those for 6 persons.
The sofa is a sofa-bed and the table is extendable.
When it comes to beauty, Jennifer Aniston has a small army of professionals at her beck and call.
She is now officially the most powerful person in Hollywood.
But their lives are like a roller coaster ride.
The Hollywood Reporter named Jennifer Aniston the most powerful woman in entertainment.
For her, who in 2021 made headlines with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of her series "The Morning Show," this success is first and foremost the result of a lot of discipline and work.
There is a whole army of make-up artists, stylists and fitness trainers to take care of their looks.
After all, says Aniston, treat yourself to a chip a day (yes, read that again: ONE chip out of the bag).
The fact that they win the hearts of both female and male fans is a miracle.
Maybe it's because she just hasn't been lucky enough... to find that special someone.
And crossed "having a baby" off her list.
Before, she was always being asked when she was going to have children.
It hurt her.
The people asking me this have no idea what's going on personally with me, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
Let's hope that success and fame will make you happy.
Unworthy end to a career: Raikkonen has to give up
Kimi Raikkonen's departure from Formula One has been a quieter affair than many had anticipated.
Abu DHABI - The 42-year-old Finn pulled off his mittens and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a slight touch of the wall, Räikkönen had to retire from the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix after not even half of the race distance.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the "Iceman" retired from Formula One at the end of the season.
For his departure, his wife Minttu and their two children had travelled to the United Arab Emirates.
He is most famous for winning the 2007 FIA GT Championship driving a Ferrari.
He won 21 Grand Prix, started 18 times from pole position and scored 103 podium finishes.
Friedrich Wins 60th World Cup Victory; Nolte Triumphs in Two-Man Bob Race
The target of the bob pilot is the record of the Norwegian biathlon star Ole Einar Bjørndalen with 94 wins.
The double Olympic champion with BSV Oberbärenburg said: "I calculated that I would need nine and a half wins per season to reach Cortina in 2026.
On Saturday, he fended off Johannes Lochner to take the win by five hundredths of a second, moving up from third on the grid.
Then he changed something in the material setup and drove away on Sunday with a lead of 0.30 seconds.
He won the gold medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade in Bangkok, Thailand.
The Austrian Benjamin Maier came third.
We took a bigger risk today and it paid off, said Friedrich who also recorded his 22nd consecutive win.
The Berchtesgaden driver Johannes Lochner, who drives for Stuttgart, came from second to fifth this time.
After finishing fourth in the first race, Christoph Hafer (BC Bad Feilnbach) came eighth.
If I knew what he was doing differently, I would do the same," said Lochner.
Nolte wins at home - Podium for Jamanka
On the women's side, Laura Nolte picked up her third World Cup win of the season in the two-man bob.
After finishing fourth in the Monobob the day before, she teamed up with Deborah Levi to win the World Cup race on Sunday.
Mariama Jamanka, two-man bob Olympic champion from BRC Thüringen, came in second place with Germany's fastest sprinter Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
She qualified for the Olympics and won her first podium finish of the season.
Wiesbaden's Kim Kalicki and Leonie Fiebig came in third.
For me it was super cool, first podium in the World Cup, I'm super happy that Mariama is taking me with her.
I'm really happy with the way it's developing.
There is still a lot of potential, but the starting times today were okay," said Burghardt and underlined: "It is not only pushing, but there is also a lot to do around here."
Jamanka was a little bit annoyed about the not quite flawless runs but said "it's going in the right direction."
I already have the blanket in my shopping cart and could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
It just didn't come and that's why I finally asked.
I had other problems last year because of Corona and never got around to it.
And then they said he took off, which made me very angry.
Look in the chat it was about the Asa bench.
I would like to return it and order again, as it is currently on sale.
Why is shipping not started until 3/16?
There was nothing on your website about such long delivery times
No, you don't get an extra field until I tip.
Was taken from your colleague yesterday.
Why is this an issue today?
I have sent you pictures of the wrong item delivered.
But we still want the shelf module, a new one, that is.
without cancelling the whole order.
Just for today, just for this week, just until...
Hello, lovely ladies and girls and women,
I have a lot I want to write and maybe it's the same for one or the other...
I'm 24, have PTBS, am a full-time student and a dog mom - aside from the fact that my dog doesn't cry or go to kindergarten, he is essentially my child 1 to 1.
My boyfriend (we've been together for 6 years) is sick, he got a 2nd degree burn on Monday and he's been depressed for years (but he's in therapy).
I visited him yesterday because I have emotional needs too, and because I want to see him and feel him, we cuddled a lot and it was beautiful.
I helped him in the shower (because his hand is in a cast from the burn).
Add to that he cooled off and we are seeing each other less (1-2 times a week) which is very hard on my needs for affection and love.
My doggy child has just had an upset stomach, I made him something to eat and now he's lying in his cuddly blanket and he's had a bit of a relax after I was there with the heat lamp and petting for him.
I live with my sister and my mom, and she just left for a month.
Now we have housework to do as well, which we share out between us.
But cooking for myself is a lot of work...
My PTSD condition is quite well set right now, I am halfway well treated and come along.
Not great, but manageable, and I'm pretty much symptom-free.
Uni is asking for a lot (of me), I have a written exam tomorrow at 3pm for which I didn't prepare anything, and anatomy class after tomorrow for which I should have prepared at least a bit.
And next week, I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes after that is on my calendar, not in my brain, because there's no room for it.
This is how my week will be: just until tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But, hey, at least the show must go on, right?
Just until your birthday.
Just until school starts.
Just till the weekend.
Just until...
And it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed out that I need these mental triggers or I'll go nuts.
I feel guilty and chaotic inside, but I can't put it into words.
That happens to you?
Honestly, I'm endlessly grateful that I don't have to work.
I can't tell you how grateful I am.
I don't know that I would have survived my kptbs otherwise.
I think it also has to do with the mental load that women have and I thought I would find sympathetic ears here...
Have a relaxing evening anyway, the week is almost over!
I got my order today but it's a different color altogether plus the surface is scratched and the table has indentations.
The color of the first delivery was exactly as on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we exchange the table now, will I get another color or what?
The cancellation notice email was sent on 26/12/#NUMBER#
Twice, in fact.
It was never confirmed, however.
Now something completely different: I noticed at the time that many religious teachers did not believe in God and that religion was just another subject for them, like maths or geography.
For me it was always something strange, maybe because I was brought up Christian and so I always somehow believed.
What do you say?
You might also tell about co-workers or classmates with different attitudes.
As a general rule I understand and accept the distinction between private and professional, and believe it should be kept separate.
They have their syllabus and everything.
But it would be strange to have a physics teacher who doesn't believe in relativity.
Then what makes you want to teach religion if you don't believe in it?
Upholding culture or something?
I hope this isn't too personal a question.
Can it not be changed or not?Please write in English as I also understand it well
That's a long time. I might change my mind.
I'm fine, thanks.
I expect to hear back from him soon, if not early next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Search Help
Hi guys,
i'm looking for a movie from my childhood (i'm 24).
I think it was a movie for teenagers.
In the movie there are two time axes (or parallel worlds).
On the one hand, there is the modern world (the real world).
The other is the past (or the underworld).
Because I can't describe it any better, in the real world, there's a young woman.
And in the land of the dead a young soldier (uniform similar to that of the soldiers from the curse of the Caribbean).
For some reason their paths cross and a transaction takes place.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the underworld who wants to bring the woman into this world so he can live, I guess.
The transition, I believe, is also the grave of the soldier.
In the end, I think the two soldiers are fighting each other.
If this means anything to you, I'd appreciate an answer.
Our little one has only slept on her tummy since week 1.
Fast forward: still alive:D
Relax.
A kid can take a lot more than people think.
Make sure everything is in sync, no cuddly toys, go in and check more often but no minute monitoring.
It's driving you crazy.
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
We never had a sleeping bag. We always had a blanket.
Watch your child sleeping.
Does it turn the head to the side?
Can you do anything from your stomach?
Or is it face-down direct in the mattress?
That should tell you if something's wrong.
By the time my husband came along, it was all "on" and "off" and putting kids to sleep on your tummy.
Besides, we are already "regular customers" with you and have already bought many items
Then why are you only offering me 20 euros?
Hello, I wrote with a colleague of yours yesterday and so far no response.
I am referring to my wardrobe which arrived yesterday (order number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer won't fit in the cabinet.
I ask you to contact me as soon as possible.
The locker is unusable right now.
Just to be clear.
RBTV promised a lot.
And yes, I know not everything can be kept.
I also had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It's just that the politics of that show have gotten so dirty these days.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then still go on a large begging tour.
It was said that one is an "independent" Internet channel.
Arno: We don't want to be a "litre column."
What am I now?
A 0815 spammer, trying to sell his Bill-O-Meter to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's do's and don'ts.
Rules that don't apply to Simon and Etienne, of course.
Of course they can go on offending people.
A Krogmann with no empathy whatsoever, trying to make a buck off the action with the rented rooms that blew up.
How does one find the good in all of this?
I think it's terrible.
I would like to return the table, because it is damaged.
Damage to the body through the protected delivery of the # PRS_ORG #.
Whether as a comforter for indigestion or just for cuddling - my little heat pack has many uses.
Gingerbread cushions are a traditional household remedy for beneficial heat applications, as gingerbread can absorb heat very well and release it dosedly.
The removable inner cushion can be easily heated in the microwave or oven.
The soft lining makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the little ones feel secure, even if they are not feeling so good.
The heat pad with cover is only suitable for the following applications:
Before heating the nipple on unusual smell, wood splinters or burn marks check and immediately discard if present.
Please remove the inner cushion from the cover for heating!
Heat in a microwave oven at maximum power for maximum 2 minutes (follow manufacturer's instructions!)
Even out the heat by shaking immediately after heating!
Place the inner cushion into the cover.
A slight moisture build-up on the surface may occur during the first heating, but will disappear after repeated use.
Always observe the specified heating instructions as longer times or higher energy input can lead to damage (flammability and combustion hazard).
Before heating the kissens in the microwave oven, please make sure that heating of cereal products is allowed in the instructions of the manufacturer.
After placing the heated inner cushion back into the cover, please test the temperature of the cushion at the elbow crease to ensure it is suitable for baby (max 43°C)!
Do not use the pillow if you have acute or chronic, infectious or febrile diseases, circulatory disorders, fresh haematoma, bleeding tendencies or open wounds, or if you have reduced pain sensitivity.
Consult a physician when using this product if you have a history of skin, heart, blood vessel, diabetes or tumor disorders, or if you are pregnant.
If seams are open and loose cores are leaking, discard the product and the loose cores immediately and out of the reach of children.
When used on children under 1 year of age, the temperature of the child should be monitored during application to avoid overheating!
Serious incidents associated with the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the competent authority in the country where the user is established.
The cover is removable and can be washed at 30 °C.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt second after first half - Pauli wins in Dusseldorf
FC Darmstadt 98 may dream of a return to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 worked their way out of the relegation zone.
Things aren't going any better for Ingolstadt under their third coach of the season.
Delight in Darmstadt after the late win in the top game, joy in Hanover about interim coach Christoph Dabrowski and frustration in Ingolstadt after the failed start under new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery dead?
Last night my ThinkPad E480 won't charge by AC adaptor.
I bought this one about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought maybe the power cord alone would be enough to get it going.
Laptop will not turn on even with AC adaptor plugged in.
So I took out the battery, but there wasn't anything there.
Maybe you've got some ideas?
A new battery is on order, but why can't I use the laptop on AC power?
Anything else broken?
Thanks a lot for your help!
I want to arrange for room service.
How can I book it?
I am interested in the following product:
But he doesn't know how high the seat is.
Often on the road and still a lot of equipment?
No problem with the Everyday V2 backpack from Peak Design!
A 20-liter capacity means even larger photo equipment can be stowed with ease, safely secured using the padded FlexFold divider.
What else you need in everyday items remains organized and well separated from the photo equipment thanks to practical accesses in the individually configurable interior.
With the "update" of the Everyday line to version 2 (V2), the series also presents itself in a new look.
The sleek, minimalist design speaks for itself - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the inside of the backpack while still providing quick access to photo equipment.
This can be done in two ways: conventionally via the lid flap, which can be closed using the MagLatch closure system, an ingenious solution for effective protection that has already proven itself in the Messenger Bags.
The flap has a metal flap hook with an appropriate D-ring on the front of the bag.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design thought about different "fill levels": there are actually 4 anchor slots, sturdily stitched, into which the draw cord can be woven.
If the backpack is fully loaded, you simply take the top bar, if it is rather empty, a lower one.
The zipper and the hook are also magnetic.
This allows the bag to be reliably closed without having to insert the hook.
The second opening on the Everyday Backpack also distinguishes it fundamentally from other photo backpacks: in addition to the cover flap, there is also a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of conventional backpacks with top access - you don't have to dig through the contents anymore!
At the same time, this smart detail increases the everyday usability of the backpack enormously: If you not only take your photography equipment with you, but also everyday items or travel luggage.
With the Everyday Backpack you can individually configure the interior (see below) so that both can be stored separately - and accessed independently through the two lateral openings.
This way, you can also pull the bag from the right side in front of the body, in order to access for example the camera equipment in the right main pocket, while the everyday items remain safely in the left side pocket and do not get in between.
Comfortable, uncomplicated adjusting straps help.
And as the outer shell of the rucksack is also manufactured from 100% recycled, weatherproof nylon, the contents remain dry even if it is pouring down in Scotland in the autumn.
Unfortunately I am still waiting for the email from your support.
Yesterday, I received an email from #NAME# confirming the assignment of the
Contact the forwarder to collect the wrongly delivered table.
I haven't heard from him since.
I ask that it be handled immediately.
I am now writing to the third support staff member; with neither have I gotten any further than a promise that I will receive an e-mail as confirmation.
This is a return of the wrongly delivered Custom #NAME#
Could you tell me approximately when the chest of drawers will be ready for collection?
Hanging onto him isn't an option for me...
It's working.
Thank you so much for your help.
And I wish you a good evening.
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. When will the item be shipped?
Order and payment was on 12.1.21.
I received a completely different lamp than what I ordered
Please call me
If you extend my gift certificate, I'll place a larger order right away.
As for the fact that the past year turned out to be different from what I had anticipated, I could not guess at it, and so I was not able to trigger and clarify it in a timely manner.
But the damage I took as a customer, I won't accept that!
Rotating brake discs are designed for the requirements of a dynamic driver, who appreciates reliability and safety when braking, even under difficult conditions.
Disk brake castings are made by casting and then mechanically processed (drilled and cut).
All turned discs are manufactured in short series according to individual technical characteristics which are specific for certain discs and patterns.
On the basis of the individual technical drawing a special production program is created, which is aimed at matching the disc to the characteristics of the original mounting.
Discs thus produced ensure high comfort and brake efficiency.
Additional openings increase the efficiency of cooling the disc, at the same time the slots improve cleaning of the disc and drum brake linings.
The aesthetic properties of our polished discs underline by an attractive and remarkable appearance the character of every car.
Coloma is the place where an unexpected event shaped the history of the American West.
In the winter of 1848, a man at the southern bend of the American River discovered glowing fragments in the water.
Although he tried to keep the discovery a secret, word spread quickly and the so-called California Gold Rush of 1849 was on.
Thousands came from near and far, making Coloma one of the fastest growing and most prosperous cities in the state.
Areas were staked out, tents were raised, and saloons and hotels arose almost overnight.
Everyone wanted their share of the country's wealth.
For many it was "Coloma or Bust."
In this game you are a pioneer who goes out west to seek his fortune and make a name for himself.
You're gonna pan for gold, recruit workers, round up horses, start a business.
You will also have the opportunity to explore the surrounding river valleys and adjacent areas.
Looks like the other pioneers had the same idea!
You need to outperform your peer group or you'll go bust trying.
Coloma is a quick strategy game with many paths to victory.
You will simultaneously choose your actions, have to manage your resources and build a tableau that will work more and more for you (so called engine building).
The buildings in your tableau allow you to become more efficient, to take additional actions or to apply special rules to your benefit.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge tiles, you can fine-tune your game experience.
The game covers over a three-year period from 1848, the year gold was discovered at Coloma, through 1849, the year of the California Gold Rush, to 1850, the year California achieved official statehood.
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
At the start of each round, players secretly and simultaneously choose a location on the game board where they can take actions.
Then, their choices are revealed and they place their pioneers on the appropriate locations.
First team to get all their men across wins!
This deactivates one half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Players then take turns executing actions, such as gaining resources, moving wagons, setting up camps, searching rivers, building bridges, opening businesses, and placing gunslingers.
When all else is done, the sappers return.
The Advancer advances to a new location at the beginning of each round, altering the available actions.
This continues until the pointer has moved 5 times, thus hiding each location once, and the year ends.
There is a shootout where the players must defend Coloma from an attacking bandit gang.
Players are rewarded with bonuses when they contribute enough gunslingers to overwhelm the bandits.
However, if they fail, they will receive less rewards or end up in the cemetery.
Game ends after third shot. Scoring then takes place.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free delivery I accept up to the dimensions 35x25x4.5 cm the way of dispatch, parcel (games folded).
In all other cases mostly insured with DPD and with dispatch tracking (games played, with flies wrapped and packing paper).
If you are a collector, I can send the CD in a cardboard sleeve for an additional charge of 2 Euro, so there will be no plastic in contact with the CD.
Why kids aren't tyrants - a documentary by ZDF Enterprises - ZDF Enterprises
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, exploitation
The ARD documentation popped up in my Twitter timeline today, and I watched it right away.
>Dr. Michael Winterhoff, a child psychiatrist, is a welcome guest on talk shows and gives lectures throughout Europe.
==Controversies==== References ==
Former patients and their caregivers are now coming forward with serious allegations against him.
This film is not for the faint of heart.
And I'm grateful that more people are thinking and acting differently now.
Our parents and other responsible adults should never, never, never relinquish their power over the child.
Always our goal must be to give the child space to develop and to make the framework as large as is meaningful and possible in the situation.
Brrr, it still shakes me.
Hoeltschek: Countries considering waiving testing for those vaccinated three times
Health ministers of the states want to decide at their next meeting about a nationwide abolition of the testing obligation for triple vaccinated pigs.
We the Länder need clarity quickly on whether and when those who have been vaccinated three times can be exempted from testing, "Klaus Holetschek, the head of the Conference of Health Ministers and a member of the CSU, told Bild am Sonntag.
The omission of 2G plus for triple vaccinations is "not only medically sensible, it also provides an additional stimulus to vaccinate," said Holetschek.
Health Minister Lauterbach promised that he would "make a proposal to the health ministers' conference on Tuesday." − afp
So I want to return the lamp.
What's the best way to approach it?
Hello, I find the #PRS_ORGO# chair very nice, unfortunately I cannot see how high the seat surface is.
Can you help me anymore?
I am unable to process any more purchases through my # PRS_ORG #.
Message: Ups, there was an error.
Shopping through the #PRS_ ORG# site on the computer goes.
I just updated my account information.
What could it be?
What you're describing is called "awareness," experiences of the senses under general anesthesia.
These occur with an frequency of about 1 to 1000.
The most common experience is of hearing sounds/voices, less commonly seeing visions, and very rarely feeling pain.
For this topic relevant: Caesarean sections are operations that are associated with an increased rate of awareness, since to protect the child until ablation avoid a very deep anesthesia.
Previous episodes of awareness should be mentioned in the anesthesia pre-operative interview.
Certain anaesthetic techniques such as total intravenous anaesthesia (TIVA) are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Okay, so this comment of mine describes Awareness correctly, but Nitemarex didn't have it by definition.
Misread her comment.
But this chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20 euros won't help us.
These are statutory warranty rights.
The least they could do is take the chair back.
This is not only a legal requirement, but also a standard in eCommerce.
Could you at least check to see if they returned the broken chair?
We'll sell the second chair privately.
We stand to lose a lot of money.
I sent you an email and you didn't respond.
I'll ask you again.
The order and the invoice state that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The shipping company is #NAME#.
I just called that number.
They won't bring it to the front door, they said, because of the kids.
Is that so?
If they are, I'll have to cancel my order because I don't know anyone who can carry my heavy furniture up a flight of stairs.
will no one call me?
I asked you a question.
Theatre historian Günther Rühle dies at 97
He worked as a theatre critic and as a director.
He later wrote a monumental history of the theater.
On Friday, Günther Rühle died at the age of 97.
There's a new book on the table, fresh off the press: "An Old Man Gets Older."
The Shocking Diary of a Slow Farewell to the World by theater historian and journalist Günther Rühle, which he will be leading until April, 2021.
And in the middle of reading it, comes the news that the author died.
The last sentence in the book is "I hereby testify to my gratitude for life."
There are different types of pallets.
One of the most common types of pallet is the Euro pallet, a standardised wood pallet used primarily in the European region.
They are certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to Statistics Austria, more than 10 million pallets were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value amounted to about 79 million Euro.
No statistics are kept on the number of pallets imported into Austria each year
New York wins first MLS Cup
New York City FC won the Major League Soccer Cup for the first time.
After a 1-1 draw in regulation time against the host Portland Timbers, the team from the Eastern Conference won the final 4-2 on penalties.
In the finals of the Eastern Conference, New York won against Philadelphia Union, the team of German Kai Wagner.
Rouladen Hints & Tricks
I got a lot of great tips last week on how to make the perfect stew.
I made these for Christmas and they were unbelievably delicious and buttery!
So thanks again for that.
Now I'm hooked and want to cook roulade for the first time on New Year's Eve.
I'll start a beef fund tomorrow.
Any other advice for me?
Note: I do not have an oven, only a large pot.
What happens now?
What happened to my books? /How do I get them back on my #PRS_Org#?
My English is not as good as it used to be, but I'll get it back.
This IE is about a refund of EUR #NUMBER#
On 1/18 I was informed by email that the refund was processed.
But the money has never shown up.
Please check that.
Where there is still room for Christmas in Lübeck
For many people, goose or duck belongs to the Christmas days like the Christmas tree and the gifts.
You haven't gotten any poultry yet?
Now the clock is ticking down.
We tell you where to get a Christmas roast in the region of Lübeck.
The "drive" of a tube power amp plays a major part in the heat and fat content of a guitar amp sound.
These features are implemented perfectly by the valve reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME, GAIN, and MASTER volumes, you can adjust the level and dynamics of your sound.
Furthermore, the VT+ series amplifiers offer a unique "POWER LEVEL" control, which reduces the sound level without affecting the "Gain" or distortion.
A bit higher up we already mentioned that you can actually unleash even more power with the POWER LEVELLER when things get really loud.
With the power level control, the full potential of the VT+ series can be accessed in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
The signal here is processed with a cabinet simulation, so that even with headphones or with a direct signal you get an excellent "acoustic" sound impression.
Connect a CD or MP3 player to the Aux input jack so you can jam to your favorite songs.
There's a tuner on board so you don't need a separate tuner.
By adding an optional VFS5 footswitch, you can conveniently access sounds, activate/deactivate blocks and tap the tempo of compatible effects.
This is actually indispensable for live performances.
With its new power packages, VOX is taking another step into the future!
But I've seen others do it.
Will you be able to send me the lamp?
It's too low over a dining table?
So I'd like to send them back.
Can you help me anymore?
What about that dresser?
Will we get an update on the exact release date in the next weeks?
Hello, have you ever been to the #PRS_Org# chairs?
If not, I'd be happy with an inheritance or gift certificate.
I might find a buyer for the furniture.
More than € 1,000 for goods I don't need is still a lot.
I just received my order and was wondering if screws were included in the order.
I would like to install the #PRS_ORGV# mirror (door) on the provided hook.
This is not a satisfactory answer and the wait has not been worthwhile
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran Says Nuclear Talks Making Progress
According to Iran, progress is being made in negotiations to revive the international nuclear deal.
Both sides are close to agreeing on the agenda, Iran's chief negotiator Ali Bagheri said on Sunday to the Iranian Students News Agency.
This was a "positive and important development" because there had not even been agreement on the issues to be negotiated.
The agreement is supposed to prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
The talks in Vienna on reviving the agreement, which had been suspended for almost a week, resumed on Thursday.
The talks involve negotiators from Iran, Germany, Britain, China, France and Russia.
A US delegation is also in Vienna, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Federal state with highest Corona incidence
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence in the country.
Only one Land's value is above the threshold of 1000:
Thuringia was the only state in which the number of cases exceeded 1,000 on Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute gave the seven-day value with 1,025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which had the highest incidence of infection in the country, the figure was 990.5 on Sunday.
Friday and Saturday the incidence in Thuringia slightly decreased, however, had also exceeded the value of 1000.
In Germany, within a day, 2,242 new cases of infection with the Sars CoV-2 virus and 16 more deaths related to an infection were reported in Thuringia.
Two hundred people seriously ill with Covid-19 were being treated in hospitals on Sunday, many of them in intensive care.
Delays in reporting may occur at weekends.
Moreover, health centres have been overwhelmed for weeks and are falling further and further behind in registering new cases.
I understand that.
As delivery is not until the beginning of March, maybe it will be possible until then.
just need to print this out and stick it on the package and drop it off at the post office, right?
I don't have to click/fill anything else in here, do I?
I'm writing to you because I don't want that to happen.
I would like to arrange for the return at my own expense.
Charging 8 euros to return it is outrageous.
It's time for a change
Greetings from the Bundestag. I am u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on this magnificent day!
Why the mailbox here?
If you look at the activity in the last couple of months in the Bundestag, you can see that it is non-existent.
We are in a winter stare and have stretched the summer hole for a few months.
What's the problem?
What was it about?
Much of it must simply be a reflection of the dissatisfaction with the way things have turned out and where we stand generally.
In the last days it became more and more obvious that many of us really do want a Bundestag.
We need to change
Here, the community around the Bundestag is called upon to ask itself which it wants to keep alive.
The impetus came from u/edizVevo, who in the last few days has become aware of this project and found, to put it simply, a shambles.
After some back and forth, several people in the community have expressed interest in rebuilding the project.
But I would like to urge everyone once again to get involved, because only in this way can this project have a future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a Discord server where we can exchange ideas and work on concrete things.
To access the server, simply click on the link above.
Objectives:
* How should the Bundestag work in future?
* Which existing orders need to be changed / adapted / removed?
* How should we present ourselves to the world in future?
* How to recruit new members?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I'm pretty sure I missed some, but that's okay, we have Discord at the end.
If you have the will and the time, join us on Discord and let's make decisions democratically.
I had to order a lap shield for you. It hasn't come in yet.
Now I see that the item is too big/bulky for it and not suitable for my taste.
I've already ordered another one from you.
I assembled it and noticed this when taking the soft foam.
Really sorry to hear that.
I hope this gets returned and I get a full refund.
This is also pretty sad, as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
Hello, I have a question: the tablecloth # PRS_ORG #, do you have it also in oversize, so in 240 / 240 for example?
I expect #PRS_ORG to guarantee that the faulty cupboard will be collected without delay.
And I'm asking you to do it now.
I do not have appropriate packaging, but will dismantle the wardrobe as far as possible for collection. You will need to discuss with #PRS_Org# how this can be arranged.
You can contact me at any time to arrange a collection.
Are there instructions for mounting?
How long would I have to get these or decide to return them?
How do you answer the question "why are you vegan"?
Today I had a conversation with a colleague I really like.
She herself was a vegetarian for a while and now eats meat very rarely.
I myself was a vegetarian for a number of years.
When asked if I had always wanted to be vegan and if vegetarianism had been a planned transition, I answered honestly without much thought.
It is that, for a long time, I thought that, as a vegetarian, I was supporting animal welfare, but then I reflected and realised that, in fact, I was ultimately supporting cruelty to animals.
So my decision to become vegan.
At the moment I got the impression that on her side frustration rose, she defended vegetarianism and said she knows where meat comes from and as a vegetarian you reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer to "plump" was?
How do you answer the question?
I feel as a vegan you get cornered and conflicts arise that you don't go looking for.
It is addressed to a harmony-loving vegan (;
This is clearly not an exception under Section 312d of the German Civil Code (BGB).
Under the direction of your #HCP_ORG# you are not absolved from the legal requirements for remote dispensing.
I will be at the assigned date and time to pick up my return at the #PRS_ ORG# location.
Unfortunately, as I have a funeral to attend, this cannot be changed.
Can I please be assigned an alternate pickup time?
From #NUMBER# I will be continuously available again.
Lahnstein: 45,000 Euro from the Land for a new water rescue craft
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Minister of the Interior, Roger Lewentz, handed over a grant decision in the amount of 45,000 euros to Mayor Peter Labonte in the Lahnstein town hall for the new water rescue vehicle of the Lahnstein volunteer fire brigade.
The total cost of the vehicle, which has been in service since November 2010, amounted to 135,000 euros.
This is a good and important investment in security.
I am pleased that the state of Rhineland-Palatinate is supporting us in this project, "says Peter Labonte, the mayor of Lahnstein.
The device carrier is used by the diver unit Lahnstein, one of a total of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Above and below water they perform tasks in water and ice rescue as well as technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, people are always reckoning with increasing expenditure: The boom of the hotel shipping on Rhine and Moselle as well as the further increasing utilization of the Lahn as a leisure flow contribute to it.
Bought a book I could only read at 10%. Then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
Followed your recommendations however synchronized, removed and reloaded the app NOTHING has worked.
I'm a little frustrated because this has taken a long time and I'm hoping for some help now.
You got it.
I would like to order 3 articles from the collection of # PRS_ORG # for June.
Is it possible to schedule the delivery time when I order?
Results obtained in the Fenix laboratory under controlled room temperature (21°C ± 3°C), 50% - 80% R.H. and with an integrated 275 mAh LiPo battery.
The values may vary depending on the flashlight used, age and environment.
* The burning time at the level "bright" includes the burning time with reduced brightness due to the overheat protection.
2) Dealers are responsible to customers.
Customers should contact the retailers or distributors where they bought their Fenix lights for warranty support using the Fenixlight Limited 'Warranty Card' and either a commercial invoice or receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized distributors with the technology and parts necessary to service our luminaires.
1) Free 15-day replacement: Fenix will replace a new product within 15 days of purchase due to manufacturing defects if problems occur during normal use.
We'll replace it with the same model.
If the model has been discontinued, customers are offered an equivalent or improved model.
2) Free repair for 5 years: Fenix offers a free repair within 5 years from the purchase date for lamps, if a problem occurs during normal use.
Different warranty periods for different products:
With the exception of the above listed products and accessories, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product warranty.
3) Limited Lifetime Warranty: We offer lifetime repairs for lighting that has exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, but we charge a fee for parts.
The retailer must inform the customer of the cost of the part before the repair is carried out.
4) Warranty certificate: customers can demand customer service from a Fenix retailer or retail store by presenting a completed Fenix warranty card, sales receipt or invoice.
The distributor should offer services to the customers and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover damages or failures caused by:
Any failure or damage caused by improper handling includes, but is not limited to, handling not in accordance with the Garantie or the instructions in the product specification.
For example, the product specification states that the sealed head must not be dismantled, as this can damage the flashlight and void the warranty.
Any faults or damage caused by misuse are not covered by the warranty.
6) In order to assert a warranty claim, please contact our warranty department: name, type / model of the warranted object, serial number.
Thanks for stepping up to the plate on this one, I too spent almost a decade in public service in a similar capacity, ie: we were both executive level armed officers, I won't go there!
I always find the question of right and left very simplified.
But in principle one should say that public servants tend to come from the liberal to conservative spectrum rather than from the revolutionary left. This should be obvious to everyone.
That of course also in particular Uniform and weapon carriers people on the right of conservative should magically dress should also be clear to everyone that these people then naturally have difficulties with the lived reality is also clear, because you have beside the average white, meanwhile many Germans with a migration background, women and also homosexuals (and thereby I do not mean the exaggerated feminine clichés, because there are in the executive rather less or not at all but quite normal men and women whom one does not notice if they do not tell it to you) and also on these people can and must I rely, because in doubt save your life or put this for you in.
But even these fringe groups, funny as it may sound at first, represent a conservative attitude in my experience, meaning they are proud of Germany and feel more alienated by over-the-top left-wing politics, even if these policies are supposedly for their benefit or meant to make things right for them, they just want to be treated like normal people.
Back to the rights, of course, police and armed forces are also a cross-section of society, one will also find extreme right there, that this, however, may openly express their opinion there or even openly hatch any plans to endanger the state is completely exaggerated in the media and annoys me.
Of course it happens that also police officers and soldiers who often were deployed abroad often based on negative experiences start to generalize and also say things that are controversial until politically incorrect.
There are also right-wing activists who maintain lively exchanges of ideas.
Nevertheless, I believe that this can be combated and that political education and enlightenment can counteract it!
Germany is so deeply involved internationally and I think it is good that we cannot afford to have real racists and Nazis in our ranks.
Yes, what I don't understand is, the other basket I ordered in German.
Why would this be from England?
When I ordered it, it wasn't out of stock.
I ordered in November.
but I got so in your confirmation of the order
It's still about my order which you can't deliver.
I was chatting with #NAME# before.
Alternativ, could you send me the other #PRS_ ORG# basket for #NUMBER# Euro in black or is this basket available in Germany somewhere.
I keep coming up with just you as a partner firm.
but on the edge of the wood part are two deep gouges, filled with something yellow
and on the mirror itself is a small scratch
Regular as in childbirth?
Hi, I (w32) have been busy with something for a while.
I am very disciplined and organized at work, (I am self-employed, very little leisure time), but for as long as I can remember I have had difficulty keeping my house clean and tidy.
There are always phases when nothing happens and then I get the urge to clean up.
But it's not really ever "just in case someone drops in."
My husband is (unfortunately) no better, it bothers me somewhere but mostly loses household simply against work and apathy.
The kitchen is always clean because we like to cook.
Now to my question, did you manage to get Child decent?
We don't have one yet, but we're working on it. It's a question that's been troubling me for some time now.
Because for me there's no incentive, it just doesn't bother me as much, as long as no visitors come over and, for example, there's always fresh clothes and the kitchen is usable.
Do you work harder with a kid, or do you slack off?
Looking forward to your answers.
Exclusive, new and qualitatively superior as well as anatomically pre-shaped cut, offers maximum comfort, a perfect fit and thus almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Pre-shaping with a special, additional moulding at the joints for improved mobility (in the arm and knee bends)
Flex System 2 has more than doubled the area covered by Flex System for even greater comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (shoulders, armpits, knees)
Pre-shaped high-quality foam in the lower back area and heel provide a close, perfect fit.
An 8.8 stretch panel at the lumbar area increases the flexibility around the zipper and improves the comfort especially when bending and when mounting and adjusting the equipment on the surface.
The free flex zone on the shoulders and back ensure increased flexibility of arm and spine movements.
Fireskin is a warming, water-repellent material with a special surface structure, which offers a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings heat to a vulnerable area of the body.
Seamless, thin (2 mm) liner at the face provides increased comfort, sealing and durability (independent head gasket)
Soft collar zone improves sealing with a fine-tuning width adjustment by a flexible, gentle zipper which does not stick to the casing or the seams
Double cuffs with zipper at the wrists and ankles combine a reversible lining cuff with a soft, brushed neoprene outer cuff
45° notch at the end of the inner cuff for increased elasticity and durability when fastened.
Long zipper at the neck, reinforced with elastic for anatomic cut with increased comfort at the overall without hood
Long G-Lock P zipper with metal slider and integrated Water Dam System for improved sealing (Beuchat patent)
Tear-off sleeves and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at both ends of the zipper to prevent it from tearing if too much force is applied.
Neopren panels with outer and inner overlap
Ribs around the outer gusset for greater load capacity
Inside edges bevelled for increased flexibility
The original Beuchat System was designed to fix the computer on its place, especially for deeper dives (the system is compatible with all kind of wrist computers)
Career in social work - as someone with a personality disorder?
I studied software development and have been working for about a year.
But unfortunately I realize more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been thinking for a long time of starting again and studying social work.
The problem is that I have agoraphobe personality disorder.
It basically means that I have no self-esteem and am therefore shy.
I don't have a problem talking to people on a factual level, but I have a really hard time having casual conversations and have been told that I come off as unapproachable (which I think I've gotten better at).
Is that how I become a social worker?
I would not want to work as a street worker or in an open youth centre, but rather in, for example, drug advice or family support.
But I don't know if the actual working life is really as I imagine it to be, and it's hard to find anything about it on the Internet.
AVPS is causing problems for me already (emotionally) in my job, because it drags me down every time there is something wrong with my code ("just the simplest things go wrong") and it is hard for me to ask for help from more experienced colleagues ("I should really know how to do this by now" / "I am wasting his time with my stupid questions" / "he must think I am really incompetent" etc.).
The problems I'll probably have in any career but I wanted to mention it there.
Did you get your couch back?
Because there was no confirmation for that either.
I am waiting for a collection appointment
hat do you mean, "returned"?
If I have downloaded a book on the #PRS_Org, I get the message Your #PRS_org does not have the right to distribute this book
Is there a problem?
I was chatting with #PRS_Org# and he asked me if I got a delivery confirmation for my locker.
The protein that is taken in with the feed is broken down in the bird's gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and these are then used to form the body's own proteins, which are also needed for feather formation.
The feather development of the nestling and the feather re-growth of the adult bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress for the whole organism of the bird.
Please note that NEKTON-bio should not be administered during laying, as this may cause disturbances in egg production.
Following this short-term administration of NEKTON-bio, daily supplementation with NEKTON- S (a multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON- MSA (a mineral salt preparation) should be recommenced.
The protein that is taken in with the feed is broken down in the bird's gastrointestinal tract into the individual protein building blocks (amino acids) and these are then used to form the body's own proteins, which are also needed for feather formation.
The feather development of the nestling and the feather re-growth of the adult bird are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high level of stress for the whole organism of the bird.
Please note that NEKTON-bio should not be administered during laying, as this may cause disturbances in egg production.
Following this short-term administration of NEKTON-bio, daily supplementation with NEKTON- S (a multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON- MSA (a mineral salt preparation) should be recommenced.
1 g NECTON-Bio per 250 ml of water or 100 g of soft feed.
Only prepare as much drinking water/soft food as the bird needs per day and change the water/food every day.
One measuring spoon (enclosed) corresponds to 1 g of NEKTON Bio.
In severe cases of plumage damage, double or triple the recommended dose can be administered until the start of feather regeneration is visible.
Thereafter administer the normal dose until feather replacement is complete.
Storage: NEKTON Bio should be stored dry and out of direct sunlight at temperatures between 15°C and 25°C.
Excuse me, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
ow can a desk chair break after nine months?
The warranty period in Germany is 24 months.
That's really bad service.
Hi, I sent an email on Monday to say that my order arrived damaged and photos were attached.
Did you get this e-mail?
Statement by a Community worker contrary to the rules
r/Legaladvice
here is my problem.
A walnut tree is to be felled on our property.
So I made a proposal to the council.
A member of staff has written to me to say that coppicing and, therefore, the walnut, are not part of the charter.
However, the charter specifies that the Walnut is to be protected.
So can I rely on my employee's statement or not?
I must be able to rely on expert advice.
The constitution's clear, though.
Thank you for your answers.
We understand.
Then we'll use the new packaging for it.
I didn't get any message.
Well, then I still have a sofa without a use.
Could you give me a discount or a gift certificate?
What was more expensive?
yes, I think so, only the question is, if I can pay in euro and get the blanket delivered to Germany
Can you check into that?
Breaking news: Serious traffic accident in Selb
Earlier today, a serious traffic accident occurred on the B 2179 between the junction of Selb-Nord and Plößberg.
According to the police alarm currently communicated to the press (2:03 p.m.), a car changed lanes into the oncoming traffic.
We got wounded.
I see.
Well, thank you again for your time.
Career advice and ideas
First of all, I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas.
Unfortunately, my Christmas is moderately good, because my dear head is thinking about everything that can be thought of.
efore I go on: I need advice and the best people to ask are those who know something about my situation - that's you.
I'm about to become a ref as a lateral move.
I originally studied something else and worked in another field (again, to remain at least a bit anonymous I won't say anything more precise here).
But then I got bored and looked for something more fun to do.
At some point I ended up in teaching and was sure that this is it - even if the framework conditions are clearly less flexible than in my previous career, but I did not care.
I'm on my third "I'll just Google other job postings."
And it's only half a year old.
With the paintings before, I always decided to go on and finish the ref anyway.
But I'm absolutely ready now.
I've had so little free time in the last month, I'm completely drained.
I know it's the holidays, but there's still a mountain of work waiting for me.
Before ref, I thought I was immune to stress, but my weekend was my weekend, and my Friday night was my Friday night.
I was free to go anywhere.
And the stress at work, it didn't matter in those moments.
I can't deal with family stuff right now.
Then you got these rigid structures that get on my nerves.
Basically it's fun and from outside it looks like the show is running well, which is what the feedback and so is concerning.
But I am completely exhausted and wonder how much stress my body can take before it completely shuts down - if it isn't already.
I am wondering if I want to have this for the rest of my working life - just when I read some contributions from you - or if I should not go back to the old sector, where I was valued, where I could take time off when I needed it, where the work was a bit boring but I was fairly paid for it and where we worked as a team and achieved something and not as a lone warrior as it is most of the time now.
But then I wonder if a year from now I won't be in the same place, unfulfilled.
You know, it's all kind of fuzzy, but maybe you, as an outsider, have some advice or ideas on how to get me out of this situation where I'm completely ready to cry at the drop of a hat.
I'm not gonna make any decisions when I'm this emotional. It's probably not a good idea.
But maybe your views will help me to see at least a little light at the end of the tunnel - or enjoy Christmas, that's enough for me for now.
Thanks for listening, and I apologize for whining.
I hope the situation is at least a little clearer for you.
Since their introduction in 2001, the Valvetronix series from VOX have been constantly evolving, culminating in the combination of advanced modeling technology with the revolutionary "Valve Reactor," which perfectly simulates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20x, VT40x, and VT100x amps, we're introducing an all-new modeling engine that's state-of-the-art in every way.
Thanks to the VET (Virtual Element Technology) technology, based on the analysis of the components and amplifying circuits, the VTX amplifiers offer an authenticity that is absolutely stunning.
Both amps are of course equipped with the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamplifier.
Part of this is based on real analogue circuits, because these simply get the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuit, the VTX amps also offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system, from which the natural resonances bubble.
Using VOX's Tone Room software, you can even correct and bend the historical facts in the virtual domain until the amp and the effects sound exactly as you've always imagined them.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is mainly due to the VOX Valve reactor technology, which was first introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has since been fine-tuned on several occasions in order to satisfy newly emerging sound requirements, which in 2010 led to another boost in performance for the Valvetronix series - with more dynamics and numerous, decisively improved amplifier models.
From the portable VT20 + to the VT120 + with two speakers, the new VT + Valvetronix series is designed so that every guitarist looking for maximum sound variety will find what they are looking for.
Every guitarist dreams of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a fat sound, a nuanced rendition of playing dynamics and string attack as well as a quick attack.
During an in-depth analysis, VOX engineers discovered that the tube character of an amplifier is mainly determined by the output stage and developed the VOX Valve Reactortm technology based on this finding.
The tube reactor circuit of each VT+ amplifier, equipped with a 12AX7 tube, creates the behavior, delicate nuances and tonal character of a tube amplifier perfectly.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner, Magic lose to Clippers
The Orlando Magic's NBA losing streak is now at seven games.
The Wagner Brothers can dazzle, but it's not enough for a win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven points from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also versatile: with three individually place-able and fold-away zipper pockets it adapts to the needs of your photographic equipment and is thus suitable for every kind of cameras - from compact system cameras of all sizes to full format SLR cameras.
What ultimately fits into the backpack, of course, depends on the size of the camera and lenses.
One possible setup would be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three additional lenses, and a hot shoe flash.
Larger DSLM cameras such as the various models of the Sony a7 series or a Fuji X T2 still leave room for additional lenses.
Plus there's plenty of room for all your accessories.
Owners of a small DSLM camera (MFT-cameras from Olympus or Fujifilm's X-A or E-series) can use the bag for their equipment and for non-photographic items.
Pilots of drones also make an optimal choice with the Everyday backpack 20L, because the backpack offers enough space for a DJI Mavic pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: probably the longest in history
In the three months since the eruption began, lava flows on the Canary Island have caused extensive damage.
Any end in sight?
At 85 days, the volcanic eruption on La Palma is the longest in recorded history on the Spanish island chain.
The eruption of the Tehuya volcano in 1585, which lasted 84 days, was thought to be the longest recorded on an island off the west coast of Africa.
There are no reliable data on previous eruptions.
Although activity at the Cumbre Vieja volcano, which does not yet have a name, has decreased in recent days, volcanologists refused to predict when it might end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
The best news is that they are stable," Council President Mariano Hernandez Zapata told state TV station RTVE.
Damage in millions
In the little more than three months since the eruption began, lava at more than 1,000 degrees Celsius has destroyed almost 2,900 homes and other buildings, RTVE reported.
About 1200 hectares were covered by a lava layer of one meter thickness.
This is almost 1,700 football pitches.
More than 7,000 people had to be evacuated and damage is estimated at more than EUR 900 million.
Offshore, two new islands were created by cooled lava, totaling about 50 hectares.
The banana industry, on which about half of the 85,000 inhabitants of the island depend directly or indirectly for their livelihoods, was particularly hard hit.
According to the newspaper "El País," 225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed and other areas seriously damaged.
Christmas and presents
Christmas is just around the corner and the children are especially looking forward to the heavenly feast.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree connected with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension something seductive.
Christmas is one of the few traditional occasions which still bring together our increasingly fragmented society.
It is all the more important to be aware of the Christmas tradition of giving gifts, so that the gesture of giving, which, according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss, was a peace-making "contract of nature peoples," can escape the rigid routine and be re-enlivened in the context of this tradition.
How Nicholas Became Santa Claus
It was the Protestants who, strictly speaking, turned the Christmas days into gift-giving occasions.
In former times, gifts were exchanged on this day in one form or another.
The origin of this custom, which is still popular today, is that St. Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, threw gold in secret at night through a window into the home of three girls in order to save them from a life in sin.
This unconventional kind of giving has led to the German custom of filling children's stockings with presents.
Protestants object to this practice because they reject mediation between God and people as "veneration of saints."
For these reasons they are hostile to the institution.
Martin Luther transformed St. Nicholas into the Christ Child and thereby established a new tradition line.
This shifted the focus of the celebration to Christmas Eve.
But since most Protestants do not see such details as important any more, it bothers only a few people that the custom of St. Nicholas, like the custom of St. Martin, with St. Martin's songs and St. Martin's procession, is still a fixed part of the pre-Christmas time.
Nowadays, people find slippers in front of the door and under the Christmas tree from socks to desired luxury watches everything that the heart desires.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
There is evidence of a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of Saint Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day for giving gifts was moved to Christmas Eve.
Yet in all Christian countries there is a cheerful muddle about who now brings the children their presents.
In Germany, it depends on the region whether the Christkind appears on Christmas Eve or whether Santa Claus appears, who in principle is a kind of Sankt Nikolaus, to whom with the time some features were assigned.
This includes, for example, his white beard, which has little in common with the rather severe Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sledge, which is pulled by reindeer and the preference given to the chimney, in order to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure at Christmas.
In Spain the Three Magi bring gifts, while in Italy it is the witch Befana who is said to have guided the Magi to the Christ Child.
In Scandinavia, it is trolls that bring presents, while in Russia it was Father Frost who gained some fame.
Here instead of reindeer we have three horses pulling the troika.
In the Czech Republic, the birthplace of the Protestant Reformation, the Baby Jesus is responsible for delivering the gifts.
I have been getting this message for 3 weeks trying to download a new book. My account details and contact details are as follows:
Please help me to fix this problem
else buy a different e-book.
I requested a return label for my order #NUMBER# last week and this morning.
I was told they'd send me one.
As I didn't get one (also not in the spam folder) I was wondering how long it usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shoot suspected bank robber near palace
A man has been shot dead by police close to the Kensington Palace in London on Saturday.
Police say callers reported a man with a gun going into a bank and a bookmaker's premises.
Authorities say the man fled in a vehicle that was later stopped by officers.
There were shots and the man was hit.
He was pronounced dead at the scene.
Law enforcement is not treating this as a terrorism-related incident.
There are several embassy's in the area around the Kensington Palace.
Kensington Palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also reside there.
Which is?
No matter where I click, I'll be immediately redirected to your site.
This decorative lamp will fit harmoniously into any garden, patio or balcony.
It can be placed on the ground and anchored with 2 ground spikes.
Integrated and powerful 0.4 Watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Burn time max. 10 h
The robust plastic housing can be used outdoors all year round.
In the spectacle of Hollywood it is mostly threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow colorfully inside.
In contrast, "Smart Stone" is completely harmless: It is only the sun that makes this solar light delightful - whether in white or coloured light (in six different colours).
The streamlined, amorphous design is deliberate: like a naturally formed boulder, this modern light object reveals itself in daylight.
Its organic shapes fit into any natural setting - on the edge of a terrace, in the grass or in a rockery.
It also does well in neighborhood of larger pebbles and boulders, where it can assert itself thanks to its size.
You can save a lot of preparation work: as a solar light, Smart Stone requires no wiring or batteries.
Place the tumbled stone in a sunny position during the day.
Two supplied earth spikes ensure a firm grip, if required.
The matt white plastic bottle is itself robust and weather-resistant.
The solar module conceals the Smart Stone discreetly within its interior, together with its rechargeable battery and two LEDs - one for white light and the other for coloured light.
The battery starts to charge as soon as sunlight falls on the housing.
When dusk falls, Smart Stone automatically illuminates; in whatever colour takes your fancy. There are six attractive light colours to choose from, in addition to daylight white.
The unit will also switch off automatically when the battery is recharged to the set minimum level, or when it gets light again.
Once the sun shines again, the charging cycle begins anew the next day.
I've tried that several times. It doesn't work.
I would have liked to continue to order from you, but if the voucher is not taken into account, then for principle I will not order again.
If you change your mind, let me know.
Otherwise, that'll be the last you hear of him.
Then send me the number for the credenza.
No hardware store is open during a lockdown.
The locomotive control of LokSound 5 was again completely revised.
A variably adjustable PWM pulse frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz guarantees super-quiet operation even with bell anchor motors - the typical "humming" has become a thing of the past.
The load control can now be adjusted to difficult cases with up to 10 CVs.
The unique Autotune function automatically tunes the decoder to the motor.
The LokSound 5 decoder provides up to 1.5A motor current for older motors.
please use the Ebay shopping cart to have the shipping charges calculated correctly.
We will send you an e-mail with the order number so that you can track your shipment.
The retailer will issue a tax invoice for each new purchase.
usually we process your order or enquiry within 24 hours on working days.
Pill problem
Hello, sister women,
I'm hoping I'm doing this right. It's been a year and this is actually my first post.
My problem is, about 5 years ago I had to start taking the Pill again, mainly because I had unbelievably bad period pains and PMS before my period.
Now I would like to leave it at that, because I already take enough medication for my chronic illnesses that I did not get to choose.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pain, but my skin.
Last time I took about a two-year break, I came back to find I'd sprouted about 100 zits... all over my face.
So shallow, I know, but it really weighed on me and I didn't feel good.
In the two years since, things have never really returned to normal.
Maybe someone has some tips on how to avoid that this time.
My cosmetics is already without perfume and without noise, but maybe there is something that someone can recommend to me.
Unfortunately, the gynaecologist didn't take me seriously and I still have to see the urologist.
Thank you so much to everyone who read the novel!
Yes, this lovely skin is a thing.
I had really bad neurodermatitis on my forehead, then a time of rest, then large areas of acne and that was that.
Nutrition: in the course of my illness I tried everything and stayed on a diet with no sugar, milk and meat because it was the only thing that really worked.
It could also be that hormonally the worm is just in there, but when one has like me building sites everywhere, one would rather not go looking for what else might be going wrong.
I had already done everything their colleague semina o.ä.
Written and now I've lost the conversation and do not know what was answered to my concern.
I always have to work and answer the phone and suddenly it was all gone.
What's to check? If the money was there, I would've seen it.
Maybe there was something wrong with my bank data.
but is there a general in large
as it is available in black large
The Zappiti 4k HDR Series - The best movie experience ever!
Zappiti designs and manufactures high-end Video Management Systems renowned for their superior image quality, excellent performance and ease of use.
Zappiti products are designed to give you a comfortable and intuitive access to your entire film library in stunning 4K high-definition.
Award-winning Zappiti players are deployed worldwide to enhance the movie experience, both at home and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most popular digital audio and video formats, including the most advanced 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+; almost all current video formats; complete BD/UHD menus; HEVC video codec with a billion colors (10-bit color encoding); VP-9; 3D video standards with 3D subtitles; high-resolution audio formats such as DSD; FLAC; ALAC and MQA; and comes with a wide, solid chassis, two HDMI 2.0b outputs, 4K60P, Dolby Atmos and DTS:X for the best home theater experience.
The combination of Zappiti V3 Magic Pixel and VS10 video processing offers an outstanding picture quality - far better than previous generations - with enhanced dynamics, more accurate color rendering, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1920x1080p monitor or projector, you will be amazed by the display's picture quality!
3D also offers a better image depth and an impressive immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with the remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or AirMouse (not included in delivery content).
Network Playback: Special network optimization that, thanks to SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) and Gigabit Ethernet or 10 / 100 Ethernet, guarantees better performance in playback over the local network, regardless of the type of media.
Universal RC: Seamlessly integrates with Control4, RTI, Elan, Crestron, Savant, ProControl and Logitech home control systems.
It doesn't help much as I have been looking forward to it since September.
Now nothing works.
My account seems to be locked and the language is set to English.
Also compatible with all printers that according to the manufacturer or the manual use the products mentioned above.
Over 10 years experience as a distributor in the toner production
All company and brand names as well as all type designations are property of the respective legal manufacturers and owners.
Their mention is purely for information and identification purposes with regard to the compatibility of the products.
These are not original products of the respective manufacturers, but compatible goods.
What coupons?
I didn't get credit for my last order!
In the name of the people: laymen pronounce sentences with
In the courtroom, they sit in their everyday clothes at the judge's bench.
Though they don't wear robes, their verdicts carry a lot of weight: jurors decide with professional judges whether and how long people go to jail.
Two of them report in conversation with the "Public" from their time at the Bad Kreuznach District Court: Sascha Wichert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the District Court on John F. Kennedy Street.
Hello. Unfortunately, I can't get into the customer account.
Could you please re-send the invoice for order #NUMBER# to the email address above?
The packaging material can we dispose of?
We have no facilities for long-term storage.
We would use the table as offered by them as if it were our own
gladly,had already in nov.the same chair in blue ordered and also received.had therefore because they are so beautiful now one in gray
Does the wardrobe have to be completely dismantled for collection and return?
When would collection be?
110 kV cable to be reconstructed by 2022
The permit for the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally binding.
The government of Lower Bavaria's plan approval decision paves the way for construction to begin in 2022.
Bayernwerk has now announced this.
The cable, which is about seven kilometres long, will connect the Tann transformer station in the north of the municipality with the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
At Edermanning near Reut, it connects to the pylons of the overhead line.
Good morning,
your order of Jan 03rd 21 with order number #NUMBER# has reached us only partly so far.
The blue return slip bearing the Batch Number # PRS_ORG # and the Job Number # NUMBER # has been returned by # PRS _ORG # with the remark "Delivery not possible."
All other packages have arrived, so a delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me how to proceed now?
Have a great start into the week!
Forget it, I explained it to you several times already!
It is a glass sideboard and the whole sides are exploded, so there is glass everywhere and the cardboard is damaged
The wardrobe is in my apartment and #PRS_Org# refuses to come into the apartment because of the #PRS_org# rules.
It means the chest can't be picked up because no one's allowed inside my apartment.
Thanks for the message.
However, why only EUR 20?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR
No, it is for all books, that's why the request is to # PRS_ORG, because it is probably a general problem
Ref: Plan lessons (EC)
Hello dear colleagues,
I've been a ref for years, and I really enjoy teaching, but I'm having a hard time efficiently planning my geoography classes right now.
Unfortunately, my school is not well equipped technically, so that in principle I can only use the board, textbook and an overhead projector as media.
Furthermore, I can only copy in black and white at school (which is annoying for geography).
At the moment it's just taking me a really long time to plan my lessons.
For example, at the moment we are working on the topic of geofactors and actually every hour for me is different.
Basically, the methods are always the same, too, but on the other hand I don't want to invest too much time for simple lessons (which I also need for UBs etc.).
Actually I always start planning from the learning objective (what I want to achieve) and then think about how to build it up (mostly I create a worksheet with texts from books my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and I am rather dissatisfied with most of the assignments in the book.
Hence the work sheets.
Maybe a geography teacher can tell me how to be efficient with the book.
It'd make me really happy.
I'd like to return #PRS_ORIG# from the order #NUMBER#.
I've actually already decided on a new one from #PRS_Org# but I'd really like to get a refund as soon as possible.
Retail is worried about the 2G issue over the Christmas season.
Most businesses are now restricted to those who have been vaccinated or healed.
Business sees this as unnecessary and complains of loss of turnover.
He also comes up with a possible solution.
For the German Retail Federation (HDE), the 2G regulations are ruining the important Christmas business for retailers.
HDE managing director Stefan Genth criticised the drop in turnover in business with non-daily consumer goods.
According to a current survey of the HDE among 1100 retailers, more than 70 percent of the companies viewed the remaining days of the year negatively.
You know, a lot of people would be wrapping up their Christmas business by now.
What should actually be the positive highlight of the year is often now a chasm with no bottom," said Genth.
Dealers with 2G access restrictions are estimated to have lost nearly one-third of their pre-crisis sales volumes last week.
The food retail and online trade sectors are doing particularly well.
The association called for consequences to be drawn from this dramatic development.
Shopping with masks, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
2G shopping will not take us any further in the fight against the pandemic," he stressed.
The current regulations were off-putting to customers and required a great deal of staff involvement.
He called for national approval of the bands regulation.
Each customer would then only need to be checked once for 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and would be given a lanyard for that day to access all businesses.
In retail outlets, as with the 3G rule in public transport (vaccinated, recovered or tested), sampling controls should be sufficient.
Real estate company Deutsche EuroShop, which specialises in shopping centres, also reported a tough Christmas trading period.
The frequencies were recently at almost 75 percent of the pre-corona level without 2G, and the turnover at around 90 percent.
These numbers will now certainly fall right into the middle of the important Christmas business," said Chief Executive Officer Wilhelm Wellner to Wirtschaftswoche.
Given the high level of personnel and administrative efforts involved, attempts will be made to find solutions and obtain approvals for the Centres.
This includes the so-called lanyard solution, where "visitors can, for example, once prove their 2G identity at a central location in the center and then - equipped with a wristband similar to that in a club hotel - can enter all businesses undisturbed." dpa
I recently ordered the #PRS_ ORG # and received it.
The mirror has a scratch and there is a defect on the frame that has been attempted to be covered with a yellow filler.
It's not pretty.
I would like to return the mirror and have already repacked it.
How do I proceed for the return now?
The lamp is designed for Dual-Balance based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
A modern microprocessor controls the colour temperature and brightness of the light.
In addition to the brightness setting, there are two pre-set colour temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to set and store the color temperature manually in the range from 3100 to 5650 K.
Take advantage of the current settings stored in flash memory.
A special feature of the controller, it is simply and intuitively operable.
The luminaire generates a very bright light stream with soft light of high quality, completely flicker-free.
With an emission angle of 120 degrees, you can illuminate large areas at a relatively short distance.
This also applies to reporters' situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness virtually without changing the color temperature.
It's a great tool to have whether you're on a film set or in a studio.
The optionally available DMX512 controller allows the luminaire to be dimmed from a distance in television studios, for example, or when the luminaire is mounted in hard to reach places.
On the back side of the luminaire is the control panel, it consists of buttons and a luminous display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
There is also a slot for the NP-F batteries (not included)
User memory The memory can store up to three panel brightness and color temperature settings.
In order to carry out the settings of the individual settings on the storage sites, simply by pressing longer one of the memory buttons and ready.
The memory controller saves the current state of the lamp when it is switched off, so that when it is switched on again, the familiar situation is restored - very practical in studio work, for example, when the camera is set to certain color temperatures.
Working with battery one of the greatest strengths of the DL3125 functionality is derived from the ability to operate with low cost NP-F rechargeable batteries.
This gear is often already owned by photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can draw on existing equipment.
The DL 3120 can also check before the set if the batteries have enough power - it is a battery tester included - for each of the two battery bays a value in the two display displays (the left battery upper display, the right on the lower display).
Furthermore, it is of course possible to power the spotlight continuously from the supplied mains adaptor.
The construction of the spotlight is very simple.
There is a 16mm tube for mounting, so you can connect it directly to your photostate.
The inclination can be reliably set by two clamps on each side.
Care was taken to ensure that the mechanical components are extremely high quality and therefore designed for durability and hard usage.
In addition, a tilting joint is included in the scope of delivery.
Great that it also includes a bag.
This way you can safely transport or store the luminaire with all the accessories you might want to buy later on.
Too bad, it was a gift and it's too small: (
We wanted to throw the party": Frankfurt celebrate comeback win over Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the Hesse with two defeats in a row supposedly on the way to the next Bundesliga defeat.
But then SGE flipped the switch, vented the frustration of a mixed start to the season within the space of an hour and a half, and won 5-2. "It's crazy what the boys have done today," said coach Oliver Glasner to DAZN, handing out "general praise to everyone involved."
Early on, it looked like another letdown for the now ninth-place Frankfurt team, which continues to fall short of expectations.
Patrik Schick had put Leverkusen ahead 2-0.
What happened next even impressed the SGE coach.
The way the players came back and showed a great performance.
I'm insanely happy with the performance we showed and of course also with the result.
Even defenseman Christopher Lenz, who was able to play for the first time since the fourth game day and his overcome muscle injury, underlined the moral of his teammates.
I think our mentality was unbelievable tonight," said the 27-year-old, who was delighted with the result, especially for the fans.
This was the party we wanted to throw today.
For the upcoming tasks, Glasner wants to keep the focus within the company.
It's exceptional that we have all players fit in December, that all players are physically in a top form.
It's top-notch work in our medical department, but also the players live highly professionally.
Now they want to "proceed step by step and remain modest" and complete the tasks by the end of the year "at this level."
Next up is a Wednesday trip to Borussia Monchengladbach in the English Week (18:30, Sky).
Good news, I get an e-mail saying my package is being returned to you because of an error on my part.
I tried calling in to #PRS_org# and redirecting it, no chance.
Can it be resent to me immediately or do I have to wait until the money has been transferred back and place the order again?
Unfortunately that would mean for me that I won't order again because it already took too long.
Ever been on one of those #PRSORG# chairs?
Dampers for handball women before the quarterfinals against Spain
Germany's women's handball team slunk off the court after their humiliating defeat to Denmark, with their heads hanging and their eyes empty.
At the end of the preliminary round of the World Men's Handball Championship, the German national handball team suffered a heavy defeat against Spain (16:32).
Coach Henk Groener said, "We were too nervous and we had too much respect for our opponent."
We must adopt a different attitude towards Spain.
After losing their first game at the tournament, Germany finished second in Group III of the preliminary round with an 8–2 record, behind Denmark (10–0).
It's just too bad we couldn't take the flow with us.
It was a bad game from all of us and we have to delete it, "said captain Emily Bolk.
Against the runner-up of the 2019 World Championships on Tuesday, they will have to improve a lot in order to keep the slim chance of winning a medal alive.
Best scorer for Germany was Alina Grijzeels with six goals.
Centre Xenia Smits admitted: "We weren't there in attack or in defence.
Bottom to top
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not at the top of their game from the start.
Missed shots and technical mistakes in the attack and gaps in the defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was on the spot and prevented with some parades worse.
After 9:30 Grijseels scored the first goal for the DHB-team.
But the hoped-for initial spark was not one.
Against the aggressive defending of the Danes, the German women hardly could get into the game - and when they did, they mostly failed against the strong goalkeeper of the Scandinavians.
The game was called at 3:10 after 20 minutes due to the lopsided score, especially since back court player Mia Zschoke saw red a little later for a hard foul on her opponent.
But she's cleared for the quarterfinals.
It was not until the final phase of the first half that the DHB selection started to play better and at least reached five goals before the break.
The already quiet hope for an upset after the break was extinguished after seven minutes with a score of 9:19.
The Greens' proteges sinned again in all areas and made it easy for the well-set-up opponent, who is among the medal candidates in the final round.
As a result, Germany was unable to summon the strength for a comeback and lost clearly.
6 December: Family traditions at Christmas time
As part of the Reddit Advent Calendar, we won the day of St. Nicholas and take this as an opportunity to devote ourselves to family traditions in the pre-Christmas period, the Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve and the Christmas holidays.
How was it at home?
How was that with your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What do the children like best?
The boot polish?
Baking cookies?
Tree decorations?
Is there music?
Is it really Santa Claus? Or is it Baby Jesus? Or is it a present from Grandma and Grandpa?
No matter how you do it, everyone makes an effort and goes out of their way around Christmas to make it as nice as possible for the family.
Whether it's a firm tradition, or even each year something different: tell us, how it will be or was in your family!
send me some transaction number or something that might help.
Confirmation of transfer... etc.
I would like to redeem a gift code
Gift vouchers
Does that happen to them?
The title is already there - I am working as a vaccinologist in mobile vaccination teams, where (so far) only the BioNTech/ Pfizer vaccine is being administered, mainly in nursing homes.
Since most of these will soon be completed, some of them will later be used as vaccination centres.
I am happy to answer questions with no time limit on organisational and human aspects and also medical questions, provided they are not of a personal nature (e.g. "I take medicine X, does this interfere with vaccination...").
In my area of responsibility falls the information for vaccination, the indication (the person is entitled to a vaccination under the Corona vaccination ordinance and there are no indications against it), the medical documentation and if necessary the emergency care in case of allergic reactions (never happened to me).
The actual vaccination can be delegated to qualified personnel, such as medical assistants.
However, in vaccination teams we often do not have a veterinarian, but only (please no misunderstanding!) pharmaceutical technical assistents for the preparation of the vaccines, who are not allowed (?) to carry out vaccinations, so that I have to carry out most of the vaccinations myself.
A difficult question for "Huidlerer": Amberger knows the solution
What is a "skinner"?
This word, sent in by an Amberg resident, caused quite a stir on the Bavarian television programme "Wir in Bayern."
But differently from many previous days, the term in the row "Host mi?" this time was not suggested by the caller.
No, it wasn't "guy being neurotic."
Nor is it for those who are too proud to worship Me,
This, the public was told by the TV presenter, was completely wrong.
The man from Amberg revealed the solution and caused quite a stir among the Upper Palatinates.
The audience learned that "the Skinflint is a rag with which one cleans the stove."
Dialectologist Antony Rowley, who has been consulted for years as an expert by Bavarian Television, confirmed this.
With the note, this is a typically Upper Palatinate term, derived from the rather well-known dialect word "Houdern."
This closed an educational gap - also for many who have lived in the Amberg region for a long time.
I haven't been able to buy any books for two weeks.
After the confirmation there is always the following error message: oops - something went wrong - try later.
I have turned on the #PRS_ ORG# device, connected it to the PC, synchronized and repaired it.
Nothing helped.
Tire choice for track racing - really that panic-proof?
This morning I woke up full of enthusiasm because I wanted to do some training at least to prepare for my bike tour next week.
Like I said, I did it, and then I got on my racing bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then happened what always happens in every city (this time: thanks Krefeld!).
Mirror shards all over the road.
Zack! A loud hiss and my rear tire did not want to participate in the rest of the trip.
As I didn't have a chance to get a replacement suit and hose on account of it being Sunday, I had to walk home in a bad mood.
After all it wasn't too bad from the technical point of view, maybe it's even better if I practice changing a tire again before going on a bike tour.
But now I have a question that I hope you can help me answer.
Since I have a relatively long distance ahead of me over several days I would extremely dislike getting this problem repeatedly.
Now it wasn't really bad, as the old tires from the previous owner (a very nice old man, who rode them until 14:00 on the day I picked up the bike!) had already been described as sub-optimal, as he had been riding on them for many years.
But when I think that I have to change the tire again after 50-60 miles, then I'm really not in a good mood: (
Now I struck up a conversation with an older man at the platform who asked me bewildered why I did not have the Marathon Plus tires; these should be indestructible.
Now, it all sounds very tempting.
But are they really indestructible?
I don't feel like spending 40€ per tyre only to be disappointed.
Also, I am wondering: I currently have on my track bike, I believe, 25X622.
Sure, there are (apparently) some in the Marathon Plus range, but most of those are already pretty wide.
Is there a problem?
Or would you generally advise me on other tyres for a racing bike?
The Swallow side seems to my absolute! Laiewissen rather recommend the Durano DD?
Thank you so much for your help!
Car slams into tree; driver killed
The 53-year-old man was driving on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten when, for unknown reasons, his car collided with a traffic island and then swerved into the opposite lane of traffic, police said.
The chase ended in a head-on collision with another car, driven by a 27-year-old man.
His car then crashed into a tree, and the 53-year-old man became trapped inside.
The 27-year-old driver and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the crash and were taken to nearby hospitals.
Yes, we did. We had all the books purged and replaced with new authorized editions.
Eco-friendly: MOTIP products are free of health-damaging metals.
The Group is committed to using formulations that do not contain regulated or questionable ingredients without compromising best in class performance.
The caps and packaging are made from recyclable materials.
Disposal: Empty cartridges must be disposed of in the recycling bin.
Bring waste containing residues to the problem waste facility.
All our products comply with current labelling regulations.
The classification, labelling, and packaging of substances and mixtures are carried out in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council (REACH).
This Safety Data Sheet complies with Regulation (EC) No 1907 / 2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH), and in particular with Article 31 and Annex II thereof, in its current version.
Spray can sealing and breakaway caps prevent unauthorised use.
Follow the instructions on the cap or label.
Always read and follow the package leaflet before use.
Will I get a confirmation by e-mail?
I've been assured of that by three of your colleagues... how reliable is that?
When will the transport company contact me?
I sent you a text. Didn't you get it?
After the release of our new top-of-the-line wideband B100-6 OHM, it was just a question of time until our SOLO series would get a facelift, too.
The new SOLO 15 is the youngest member of the SOLO family and bears a striking resemblance to the big boys - the B 200-6 OHM.
However, this building proposal includes a suitably designed foot to raise the loudspeaker to the correct listening position.
This has no effect on the acoustics and so the length can be adapted to suit conditions at home.
By principle the SOLO 15 is very well suited for persons for whom the maximum volume does not play a dominant role but who want to achieve an unusually high sound level.
A 10 cm speaker is simply incapable of producing such high sound pressure levels without severe distortion.
However, this does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, it appears remarkably adult and for its size extremely impressive and accurate.
The SOLO 15 is voiced with a slight tonal rise.
This is common practice for broadband applications in order to optimize the increasingly strong coupling at higher frequencies.
When aimed at the listening position, the SOLO 15 impresses with its clear and fine sound.
A slight turn to the outside reduces the high frequencies and warms the sound.
With the point source, locating the individual components of a recording in the optimal stereo triangle has never been sharper and more precise.
The reference suspect extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100-6 OHM provide for an enemy dynamics that seeks its equal.
The SOLO 15 thus not only supplements our SOLO series, but expands it in terms of resolution capability and accuracy.
As with all our kits, it is advisable to think about the final appearance of the loudspeaker at an early stage, in order to plan any changes to the build.
If you decide to veneer the cabinets, you have to adapt the reduction of the speaker, because the veneer adds some material again.
After the boards have been cut to size (e.g. at a home centre), a 8 mm hole should first be drilled into the base plate at the appropriate place so that the cable can be fed through there later on without any problems.
With the help of a milling machine now follows the speaker opening in the front, so that the B 100-6 OHM can be installed flush later.
The rear of this opening should be chamfered at 45° in order to form as large an opening as possible for the diaphragm inside.
The four connection points of the B 100-6 OHM are interrupted in the phase, as shown in the picture "Detail Phase."
Next, you begin the actual assembly of the box by placing one of the two side walls on a flat surface in front of you.
The back, lid, front and base are glued to this.
For this purpose, the three layers should also be inserted and glued.
The dividers themselves can vary in thickness as required, e.g. if you want to use finished edgings from a DIY store instead of making your own from 16mm MDF.
In the next step, the second side is glued on.
Then follow all the plates of the foot, ie. both sides, as well as the front.
With the help of a suitable mitre saw or a Forstner bit it is easy to cut the openings for the bass reflex duct and the connecting clamp on the rear panel.
Then use a round-grinder to round off all edges of the main box.
The top surface of the foot plate can also be rounded off with this.
Then the sole is glued to the wood and held in place with long wood screws.
Mark and pre-drill (2.5 mm drill) the mounting holes of the speaker chassis and the connecting clamp.
After the housing has been cleaned of wood dust (vacuuming / blowing off), work begins on laying the cable.
The easiest way to do this is by using the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear panel.
Pull back on the cable until approx. 30 cm of the cable is protruding from the terminal opening.
At the top of the enclosure, run the cable to the speaker opening and leave it dangling there as well.
The following describes the preparation and use of the frequency changer.
The construction diagram of the frequency switch, as well as the corresponding connection diagram can be found in the following document:
When the frequency switch is mounted and the terminal block is screwed, the sealing of the 8 mm cable opening inside the box follows, which is not completely closed yet.
With a little skill, you can drop hot melt adhesive onto the 35mm bASSREFLEX opening and seal it.
By opening the B 100-6 OHM and by using a small lamp it is possible to check the sealing accordingly.
Now, comes the fun part.
Connect the B100-6 Ohm and fasten with the corresponding screws.
The polarity is important, so that the plus lead (marked cable) must be connected to the plus pole of the loudspeaker (larger contact).
Finally, cut the bass reflex tube to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and insert it.
For absorption, cut the absorption material mat in two and distribute it loosely in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex port should be kept clear.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered in early June?
> Hi everybody,
> we are proud to announce that we will host OSCAST again this year!
Unfortunately we are not able to get more than 4 people into the studio for known reasons, which resulted in more planning and less notice.
BUT: There will be at least 3 people behind the switch, so that we will be able to watch the Oscars 21 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you!
> We will do our best to avoid delays or other problems.
But hey, it's still pandemic - yet we will give anything to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will start at about 0:30.
Think about drinks, good food and get ready for a long but very interesting night.
