The product cost less than 20 euros.
The fee is 40% of the goods value.
I am #PRS\_ORG# large customer and thus it is no problem for me.
I just need a number or instruction on how to address the package so that it can be tracked by you as a return.
I ordered the #PRS\_ORG# a few days ago for 249€.
Today it costs 179€.
To be honest, I find that very annoying.
Do I have to cancel the order and reorder for a better price, or is there another way to get a refund?
I generally agree that children should not be expected to take on a parenting role for their younger siblings.
However, I think it's good for big brothers and sisters to take care of the little ones in moderation.
Just a quick look, just a quick help, just bring the bottle, etc.
So they learn responsibility, help in the family, and are integrated.
As long as they can still take care of themselves, I don't see a problem.
If your K1 spends the short time alone and it's OK for him, that's good.
You can best estimate whether it is suitable for your children.
It's not that he should be able to knit K2 and accompany you while you fall asleep for hours.
It is legally questionable.
Perhaps this also explains the psychologist's statement.
Because if something were to happen like a fire, burglary, earthquake, alien invasion, etc., it would actually be too much responsibility for K1 to take care of K2.
Whether this is a risk you want to take is, of course, your prerogative ;)
Please help me find the title of a book!
I remember reading a crime / thriller a few years ago and I can still remember almost the entire plot, but the title eludes me completely. Maybe someone here knows something about it...
The story was about fear and how to overcome it.
At the beginning of the story, a zookeeper commits suicide by overfeeding himself and going to his predator enclosure.
The case is taken over by a commissioner who, after a short investigation, gets in touch with the therapist who runs a clinic where he treats patients with anxiety disorders.
The commissioner has a small niece who also has a fear (of fire) and lands at this therapist.
There are more suicides and there is another protagonist - a photographer who is anonymously commissioned to go to the location of each suicide and document it, and then post the photos on the internet.
At least, it ultimately turns out that this therapist runs an underground therapy group where patients are implanted with a chip that suppresses an anxiety center in the brain and the patients ultimately have to confront their fears in the most extreme way possible.
(a woman jumps out of the window another one intentionally drives herself to death)
This will be referred to as "the fight" in the book.
In the end, there is a big showdown in the clinic that had a fire.
The basic plot I am quite sure that the book was written by a French author / authoress.
If this action is known to someone or if someone even tells me the title of the book, I would be very happy.
Oh no, I don't have the password for the WLAN available.
Must first contact my husband.
But it can take a while.
What steps should I take after that?
Is it also possible to get the price difference refunded?
Child, 4 years old, splitter under the thumb nail
A four-year-old child has splinters of wood under their thumb nail (outside).
Have tried to pull him with a pinzette.
Very difficult to grasp.
Did not work and caused pain.
Now the child reacts hysterically when we try to approach it.
No chance left.
I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.
All Bosch electrical tools, pneumatic tools, and measuring tools are carefully inspected, tested, and subject to the strict controls of the Bosch quality assurance.
Bosch therefore provides a guarantee for Bosch electric tools, pneumatic tools, and measuring tools.
The warranty does not restrict the buyer's claims arising from the purchase contract with the seller or any legal rights.
For these tools, we provide a guarantee according to the following conditions:
We guarantee according to the following regulations (Nos. 2-7) by free repair of defects in the tool that can be proven to have arisen within the warranty period due to a material or manufacturing defect.
The warranty period is 24 months, for commercial or professional use or equivalent wear and tear, 12 months.
The warranty period begins with the purchase by the first end-user.
The relevant date is the one on the original invoice.
For all blue, professional electric and measuring tools purchased on or after September 1, 2004 (excluding high-frequency tools, industrial battery-powered screwdrivers, and pneumatic tools), the warranty period is extended to 36 months, provided that the buyer registers these tools within 4 weeks of the purchase date.
Battery packs and chargers, as well as any accompanying accessories, are excluded from this guarantee extension.
The registration can only be done online at <http://www.bosch-pt.com/warranty>.
As proof, the registration certificate must be issued immediately and the original purchase invoice, from which the date of purchase can be derived.
A registration is only possible if the buyer agrees to the storage of his data there.
Excluded from the guarantee are parts that are subject to wear and tear due to normal use or other natural causes, as well as defects in the tool that are due to normal use or other natural conditions, anomalous environmental conditions, sachfremde operating conditions, overloading, or insufficient maintenance or care.
Defects in the tool caused by the use of non-Bosch original parts.
Tools that have been modified or supplemented.
Minor deviations from the specified properties that are insignificant for the value and usability of the tool.
The remedy for the defect we recognize as warranty-compliant is carried out in such a way that we repair the defective tool at our discretion for free or replace it with a flawless tool (possibly also a subsequent model).
Replaced tools or parts go into our ownership.
When did the deadline expire?
According to the Act on Distance Selling, I have a right to resign within one month.
The LokSound 5 is the most important member of the LokSound family.
The combination of digital decoder and sound module on a printed circuit board allows us to achieve dimensions of only 30mm x 15.5mm, which means that it can be installed in almost any locomotive of the track widths H0 and 0.
The LokSound 5 Decoder will be offered with all common interfaces and comes always with a 11x15mm large "sugar cube" loudspeaker with a sound capsule construction kit.
Like all family members, the LokSound5 is a true multiprotocol decoder.
He masters the data format DCC just as well as Motorola®, Selectrix® and M4.
In the DCC format, 14 to 128 steps are as natural as 2- and 4-digit addresses and up to 32 functions.
RailComPlus® allows decoders to automatically connect to a suitable digital central at full capacity.
He masters all DCC programming modes and thanks to RailCom®, compatible central units can read the CV values on the main track.
For central units that can only program CVs from 1 to 255, there may exist a helper register.
Motorola® users benefit from up to 28 speed levels at 255 addresses.
Three additional Motorola® addresses enable the execution of 16 functions.
An integrated programming mode also makes it possible to reprogram the honorable Control Unit 6021.
The M4 Protocol allows for automatic registration at mfx®-compatible centrals.
The LokSound 5 Decoder recognizes Märklin® brake tracks just as well as ZIMO® HLU brake commands or the Lenz® ABC System.
The braking with DCC brake blocks or with direct current is also possible.
In addition, he also has a Selectrix® brake diode.
An ABC pendulum train automation enables automatic pendulating between two railway stations.
The LokSound 5 Decoder can be used on analog DC and AC tracks.
After my coupon, which was not delivered to me due to a complaint, is no longer valid, I will order the item in the value of approximately.
Remove #NUMBER#€ from my shopping cart and order it elsewhere where customer service is better and I don't have to waste my time trying to reach nobody!!
What should I do with this number then?
Due to Omikron: Johnson plans to accelerate the booster campaign
Politics and science in Britain are dealing with ever new Omikron cases.
Therefore, all eligible adults in England should receive an invitation to be vaccinated by New Year's Eve.
London - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson wants to speed up the COVID-19 booster vaccinations due to rapidly increasing Omikron numbers.
Every adult in England should already have the opportunity to receive a booster dose by the end of the year, provided that at least three months have passed since their second vaccination, said Johnson in a pre-recorded video message to his countrymen on Sunday evening.
The target date was previously set for the end of January.
The British government will provide additional support to accelerate the vaccination campaigns in the Scottish, Welsh, and Northern Irish regions.
Johnson said that people should be prepared for a situation where they may face an emergency due to the Omikron variant, and therefore the need for increased vaccination should be urgently addressed.
The good news is that the protective level could be increased again with a third vaccination dose.
"Let's boost now!", said Johnson.
On Sunday, 1239 more Omikron cases were registered in the UK, bringing the total number to 3137.
Compared to the previous day, it was an increase of a whopping 65 percent. dpa
Will the full amount be refunded from the purchase price upon collection?
I am for everyone using pronouns
I have sent a job application.
Today, I received an invitation to a conversation via email.
I want to answer the email.
But unfortunately, the name is not "Peter", but a somewhat more complicated name.
I have googled him/her and depending on where they come from, it is either a man or a woman.
**I have no idea how to write this email now.**
Can someone please help me?
** I am a foreigner and I don't want to step on any bureaucrat's toes.
Conclusion: everyone should introduce themselves with pronouns.
I have a total of 5 books on it.
4 of them go.
Only one thing I bought today doesn't work.
It is obvious that the chair had an invisible defect when it was sold.
How can a cushion damage occur after 9 months otherwise?
First tried on the #PRS\_ORG#.
It has been working for about 10 years now.
14 days no more.
Therefore, I have always bought the last books on the website and then read them on the #PRS_ORG#.
I bought 6 #PRS\_ORG# but wanted to buy 8.
But there was none left.
Now they are available again and I would like you to add two chairs to the order and bill me for it.
The feeling when I can't help.
Content Warning: I will be writing about domestic violence in detail here.
I just need to write something from my soul.
I (21) come into contact with the victims (and perpetrators) of domestic violence more frequently for professional reasons.
A topic that really bothers me and unfortunately occurs too frequently is that many victims cannot or do not want to help themselves, or we think we cannot help them.
I am quite clear that we cannot do everything and it is not perfect.
But there are things in my profession that move me more than when I can't do anything in such situations.
I see the blue spots, the blood, the desperate eyes...
But even in a conversation with the perpetrator far beyond sight and hearing range, I cannot reach all of them.
I don't know what the reason is, perhaps it's fear of punishment, fear of losing the familiar social environment, fear of taking the children out of it.
What I always want to make clear to everyone, partly even very close to tears, all of us are worth living without violence.
I want all women to know that they do not have to simply endure violence.
I often wish I could help in every case... I know I can't.
But it will never be easier.
Please, always remember that you are worth living without violence, that is so unfathomably important.
"Arcane" on Netflix: What is the series about "League of Legends"?
Lots of fantasy, many complicated names, an amazing design: "Arcane," the series from the "League of Legends" computer game universe, has recently started on Netflix.
Why are we looking forward to the already announced two seasons?
Basketball Bundesliga: Derby disaster of MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg at the Merlins Crailsheim
At least Johannes Patrick was left behind.
Nothing again: For the second time within less than three months, the giants in Crailsheim lost - and how!
Before the game, Ludwigsburg's coach John Patrick looked back on the cup defeat in early October at the Hakro Merlins Crailsheim and said: "We still have some anger in our stomach."
But after the game, she did not lay down - but instead, she was even more stimulated due to the 61:72 (28:38) loss in the Basketball Bundesliga.
While more than just the naked result, the way of appearance disappointed.
A substitute statistic is named, which expresses the entire dilemma: The triple quote amounted to just 13 percent, 4 goals (all by the young Johannes Patrick) in 31 attempts - any more questions?
John Patrick answered: "We were not concentrated enough after our victory at Teneriffa, and we did not implement what we had trained for."
Specifically, to move the ball.
Sebastian Gleim's counterpart reacted quite differently: "A great game to win for the second time against Ludwigsburg," said the happy coach.
"It felt like being in front of 10,000 people."
There were only 750 spectators allowed at the Hohenlohe Arena on Saturday, but they came at their own expense.
Not least because of BBL top scorer T.J. Shorts, who marked 22 points and led his team's game.
"The best player I ever trained", praised Gleim.
While Patrick's team had top performers like Jordan Hulls (0 points) and Jonah Radebaugh (7) across the board.
Only in the last quarter (22:15) did the giants prevent a total disaster and came within eight points, after they had already trailed by 39:59.
Alongside Johannes Patrick, Justin Simon also scored 12 points.
Fortunately, there is still a lot of time to haggle.
The giants will receive the Skyliners Frankfurt on Wednesday (7:00 PM), and they will also play in Ludwigsburg with a maximum of 750 spectators.
We had an earlier email address, but I have changed it.
Yes, I have already registered a few months ago.
Unfortunately, all warranty claims were rejected.
We have legally informed ourselves again and have therefore contacted them again.
We originally reported ourselves already half a year ago.
Always as fresh as an egg: Max Raabe turns 59
He can captivate his audience with new interpretations of songs from the 20s and 30s.
Currently, he is on tour with the program "Good day, dear luck" - if he is allowed to perform.
Actually, Max Raabe was supposed to celebrate his birthday on stage in Leipzig this Sunday.
But nothing comes of it.
The planned concert has been postponed to May 2022 - "on official order" to curb the spread of the COVID-19 virus.
Other planned appearances by him during the Advent season must also fall, as it says on the website of the singer, who turns 59 today, and his musicians (www.palast-orchester.de).
From January, the artists will then make up for the appointments that were postponed in 2020 due to the pandemic.
Born on December 12, 1962, in the North Rhine-Westphalian Lünen, Max Raabe has been singing a lot and happily since he was a young man.
In Berlin, he studied opera singing, and in 1986, he founded the Palast Orchester together with fellow students.
Since then, the baritone has established himself with his repertoire of songs in the style of the Comedian Harmonists.
He was frequently awarded prizes.
His live album from the "MTV Unplugged" series (2019) reached - just like his successful album "Für Frauen ist das kein Problem" (2013) - the second place in the charts.
He has managed to bring it from the niche into the mainstream.
Always elegantly dressed, with blonde hair strictly combed back and paying attention to etiquette, Max Raabe from the current German-speaking music scene cannot be forgotten.
With the program "Good day, dear luck" he has been on tour since 2020. dpa
Hello #NAME#, is it also possible to get a small sample piece of furniture wood in advance?
It can be complemented with existing furniture and so we could control whether it fits in terms of color beforehand.
It still doesn't work. I can only sew the cover but not turn the pages.
Federal Minister of Construction Klara Geywitz: Expropriation does not create any new housing.
The new Federal Minister of Construction, Klara Geywitz (SPD), has spoken out against the expropriation of large residential property companies, as it has been demanded in a popular vote in Berlin.
"With expropriation, no new apartment is created, it only changes the ownership structure," Geywitz said in an interview with the "Tagesspiegel" (Sunday).
My goal is to provide tenants with security that their rent will remain affordable in the next few years.
A colorful mix, for example from private landlords, cooperatives or housing associations, is actually the best protection against monopolization.
In Berlin, the coalition of SPD, Greens, and Left Party will set up an expert commission to deal with the consequences of the people's vote.
But if the situation does not calm down, Geywitz has just concluded talks with the FDP in the traffic light coalition about further tightening of the rental law.
The coalition agreement provides for a rent brake until 2029, a limitation of rent increases in tight housing markets, and the expansion of the rent index.
I will speak with the justice minister to implement it as soon as possible.
"We will discuss further steps with our coalition partners if the rental market does not improve," said the SPD politician.
Hello, I wanted to order something and I noticed after a few days that I forgot the last step in the payment.
Unfortunately, the product is no longer available.
Do you know when it will be available again?
Or will it come again at all?
#PRS_ORG# with storage space (180 x #NUMBER# cm).
Coupon sounds great
Then I solve the self-employed issue in the new order.
Thank you for the quick clarification!
If the lamp is shipped in March, how long does the shipping itself take?
I have already cut myself on the finger
That is absolute rudeness
At least 100 dead due to tornadoes in Kentucky
A devastating storm system has drawn numerous tornadoes through the USA.
Alone in Kentucky, more than 100 deaths could be reported.
The pictures from there remind me of a war zone.
On the night before Saturday in the USA, several tornadoes caused severe destruction and may have claimed up to a hundred lives.
The storms leave behind an approximately 320-kilometer long trail of destruction, mainly in the state of Kentucky.
The governor of Kentucky, Andy Beshear, said after a visit to the disaster area that everywhere the tornado had passed, everything was gone.
Houses, shops, government buildings - just gone.
Parts of industrial facilities, roofs are in the trees.
It is difficult to imagine that it is possible.
He alone calculates with up to 100 dead in the state of Kentucky, the official numbers increase hourly.
Hello, I have just seen that vitrine #NAME# is out of stock.
That is very sad.
Is it still produced?
Or is she completely out of stock?
Is it possible to order this vitrine in another country?
When will you report?
If the delivery cannot be made to my apartment, I must cancel the order!
Can you order the ceiling now and have it delivered to Germany, which is in the shopping cart?
I have sent an article back via the contact form or a return request, and I would like to inquire if it has been received or processed, as I have not yet received a confirmation.
Companies pay vaccine bonuses and change advertising slogans
While the German government is rejecting proposals for a vaccine premium, companies in Austria have taken the initiative and are offering their employees cash bonuses for getting vaccinated.
With this, they are on a line with the social partners ÖGB and Wirtschaftskammer, which today called for financial incentives for vaccination.
The transformation of advertising slogans into vaccination calls - following the German model - is intended to increase willingness to receive Corona vaccinations.
He has switched companies over which he has complained.
This doesn't make his situation any better than yours.
Wait and drink tea.
It has been a year.
He has clearly not attached himself to his old place and has sought something else.
You can also do that.
And that he didn't find you attractive then: well, who cares?
He didn't even find his job good.
There are too many variables.
Please take the cancellation on.
That would then be legally relevant.
I am taking a screenshot.
Good day - I am interested in the Boone White Dining Table.
Is it also available in a 230cm version in the large size?
We offer all Smeg kitchen appliances and accessories in our online shop kitchenpoint.de.
We generally check the quality and completeness of your order.
The new coffee grinder from Smeg brings freshly ground coffee into your kitchen or office.
The simple and reduced design, the matte plastic surface in soft colors combined with the brushed stainless steel front make the new SMEG coffee machines with milk frother into a design object.
According to the reduced design, all functions such as grind size and water amount, as well as the choice between espresso, Americano, Ristretto, or a mild coffee can be selected with just four buttons.
Thanks to the steam plant, even coffee and milk foam specialties can be prepared.
Help with first own campaign
Boron for greeting!
I am currently leading a group of 4 friends through the adventure "Over the Dragon's Pass" and I want to seamlessly guide my heroes into a campaign specifically written for the players.
We are playing DSA 5.
The great bow is made, the villains and their motivations are written, the individual acts are thought out, and now I am here, writing the entry adventure and stumbling over my own feet at the first encounter.
The premise is that the heroes must transport a wagon full of grain from Gratenfels to a small village near the Thuran Sea.
There, the further development of the plot shall take place.
A group of goblins is supposed to ambush the hero a few miles from the village and lure him into a trap.
I want to give the player characters the ability to solve the confrontation in various ways: convincing, acting, threatening, recognizing the danger early on, which also falls to the players.
Group strength: 8 ordinary goblins, 2 with spears, 6 with bows and sabres armed.
The goblins lie in wait for the heroes in a narrow path and flank them with three on the left and three on the right, armed with bows, while two with spears stop the wagon.
If the heroes were to lose the battle, I have two solutions.
1. The heroes will all be unconscious and subsequently found by the son of the village mayor, a half-elf, and healed.
Of course the cart is gone.
If a defeat is unavoidable, this half-elf with two of his knights jumps into the fray and helps the heroes in battle.
The cart is still there, everything is super.
How appropriate is the Deus ex Machina from Solution 2?
Is the Encounter too much of an entrance into the adventure?
The group of goblins will play a crucial role later on and is not just cannon fodder.
Wow, I didn't expect so many answers, especially not so many great suggestions and tips.
I will definitely consider many of your ideas and now have more confidence in my narrative.
I have taken the lamp apart again.
And again, stuck together.
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work.
Therefore, I would still like to send them back.
Can you then let the backs come, then I can pack the lamp and bring it to the #PRS\_ORG#.
Save on shipping costs and time - and at the same time relieve the environment!
If you need more than one article, please click on "Buy now" when you have all the articles in your shopping cart.
So the automatic combination of ingredients is calculated and you get everything in one package.
By doing this, you save yourself the multiple purchase/payment and the environment is happy because no unnecessary shipping material and unnecessary fuel for the delivery of several packages is consumed.
Faster shipping with DHL, DPD, and the German Post!
In general, we send your shipment on the same day if payment is received by 2:00 PM.
To ensure that your package arrives as quickly as possible at your address, please make sure that your address is complete and also on your mailbox and doorbell.
Would you like us to send your package to a packstation for you?
Then please choose DHL, as only DHL is allowed to deliver to DHL stations.
We will send you an email with the tracking number, provided you have selected DHL or DPD as the shipping carrier.
So you can already check around 22:00 where your package is.
Your satisfaction is our goal - all five stars count!
If you are satisfied with us, we would be happy if you would rate us positively and give us five stars for the detailed evaluations.
If it should ever happen that not everything is to your full satisfaction, we would be grateful if you would contact us before giving a rating.
Only in this way do we have the chance to make you happy.
We have nothing to do with the toilet.
suddenly the crack was there
I am simply sitting on it.
Here was the lower part, so to speak the part with storage space damaged.
Will everything be collected again or only the storage space part?
I am annoyed by Sky Sport F1
Hello dear F1 fans, over the course of the season, the quality on the German Sky has steadily decreased, so I want to take a moment to vent.
Firstly, the transmission was interrupted in the middle of the F2 race to ensure punctual coverage of the F1 reportage.
Although the schedule was far behind due to the delayed start and the crash at the beginning, it would still have been possible to show the last (planned) ten minutes as well as the championship decision.
It seems, however, that for legal reasons F1 has priority and everything else must be restricted, so that Sky DE here probably had no choice.
Despite being stupid, especially since Sky UK has broadcast the race until the end.
Despite being a small compliment, the commentator Olivier Zwartyes has accompanied the difficult situation around the heavy accident well.
Then there was again a rule ignorance among the commentators Sascha Roos and Ralf Schumacher, so both did not know that under a red flag you can change the tires.
Although this situation occurred in Imola, Baku, and Silverstone this year, both only came to the decision that Verstappen could change his tires when there were corresponding radio messages to this effect sent to Hamilton.
Both commentators at Sky UK and RTL immediately knew that there was a possibility for Verstappen.
I believe one should simply know such elementary rules when commenting on the F1 at a pay-TV channel.
It is also not the first riddle that is now possible or prescribed according to the rules, both have simply constant uncertainties in the topic of rules.
Generally, I don't like the artificial comment style of Roos, but I must admit that it is a matter of taste.
But seriously, I think Heiko Wasser from RTL is much better.
In addition, there are constant idiocies that make both of them simply unprofessional, such as ordering coffee at (equally clueless) reporter Peter Hardenacke or "UuuuuHD" from Ralf Schumacher.
The last one brings total chaos in the commentary, which he apparently does not take seriously.
Not least, advertising simply takes over on Sky. In the final stretch, Sky is the only channel that goes into advertising, as one can hear from F1TV after the race, where only the German soundtrack without commentary is available immediately after the race.
Neither ServusTV nor ORF do that.
Both of these two channels make less advertising than Sky, and that as a free-TV channel.
Although one must praise Glock and Baumgartner for their work, this alone does not allow me to overlook the disadvantages.
The rest of the Sky Sport F1 program is also very meager and full of repeats.
Overall, Sky is truly the worst German-speaking broadcaster for Formula 1.
Ironically, RTL makes a better job of the four races they are allowed to broadcast, even without advertising.
So at least the grandiose F1 season makes significantly less fun than it would be with a reasonable broadcaster.
I would be interested in your opinion.
For this: #PRS\_ORG#-pendulum lamp, brass and multicolored glass x 1
Hello, I have an article that was supposed to be delivered last week and has not been delivered yet.
I have contacted the chat twice and nothing has happened.
The First Lady told me that it will be sent on Monday, the second Lady told me yesterday that she would check and send an email, and she never answered.
Hello, I have ordered two #PRS\_ORG# on December 12, 19.
One of them has already shown a defect after relatively short time (the material has a hole at the front part of the chair).
I request support.
Fan pumps are ideal for supplying additional oxygen to an aquarium.
It is also possible to operate a filtersystem via air lift.
This series is offered in 3 variants by us.
Look at the end of the offer in the table.
There you can see the services in comparison.
Are the pumps strong enough to operate entire facilities?
If one has a large aquarium, pumps with 2 or more outlets are suitable, so that more outlets can be connected.
The MK series has one, two or four outlets, depending on the model, but also offers air pumps to set an accent in the aquarium, for example with an air curtain (available in our shop) or with a decoration that converts the air bubbles into a function.
Here would be a treasure chest, shell or something similar to name.
The MK series has a special, sound-insulated construction that ensures low operating noise.
The installation is very easy.
The fan pump is connected to an exhaust duct o.a. via an air hose 4/6 mm...and it can start.
The fan pump should be equal to or higher than the water level and should be mounted outside.
The blower pump should be set deeper than the water level, otherwise, a check valve should be inserted between the blower pump and the water level.
Just cut the air hose and put the ventilator in between.
This would prevent water from flowing backward, which would cause the water in the basin to flow through the pump...
If the fan pump is to be installed outdoors, it should be covered and protected from moisture, just like other air pumps.
The MK series pumps are pure power packages that consume little energy.
Even though we state the processing time on eBay as 3 days, packages are packed daily and picked up daily as well.
Everything is running smoothly, it's going very fast.
We just want to take a look, so that no one is upset, just because it took a bit longer.
It would be so, not everyone has understanding for the entire staff, who also work in logistics... of course, here the Corona doesn't stop.
Please do not rate poorly just because the delivery is delayed, that lies exclusively with the courier services.
Of course, people naturally complain about these services, even though we are currently saying...they have it pretty tough.
This is also very different regionally.
Be kind to no one, stay healthy and we all hope that there will be better times ahead.
How long does it take to order the yellow ones with and without armrest?
Can you also order the legs in a bright color here?
Amazon founder Bezos sends astronaut daughter and moderator into space
The daughter of the first US American in space, a TV moderator and four other passengers have embarked on a short trip to space.
They were transported on Saturday by the rocket system "New Shepard" of the company Blue Origin, founded by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
The start and landing of the ten-minute flight took place in the west of the US state of Texas.
Under a blazing blue sky, Bezos personally welcomed the newly decorated astronauts upon their return.
"Welcome back," said Bezos, dressed in a blue spacesuit, as he opened the hatch to the capsule.
Under the applause of friends, family members, and employees of Blue Origin, the six passengers climbed out one by one and hugged the Amazon founder.
According to Blue Origin, they were on their way for ten minutes and 13 seconds and reached a height of 107 kilometers.
Laura Shepard Churchley, the 74-year-old daughter of Alan Shepard, who was the first Nasa astronaut to fly into space in 1961 and for whom the Blue Origin rocket system is named, and Michael Strahan, a 50-year-old TV moderator, were honored guests of the company, while the other four passengers had paid for their tickets: space engineer Dylan Taylor, investor Evan Dick, technology entrepreneur Lane Bess, and his son Cameron.
Blue Origin did not disclose how much each of them paid for their tickets.
Laura Shepard Churchley was reminded of her father's mission after the short flight.
He had to work hard and do everything himself during his missions.
"She was simply just along for the ride," the 74-year-old said with a laugh.
Even Michael Strahan was enthusiastic.
"He would like to return to the universe as soon as possible," said the moderator.
"New Shepard" flies up to 100 kilometers in height.
The "New Shepard" rocket system flies largely automatically.
The capsule that was separated from the rocket during the flight reached an altitude of around 100 kilometers above the Earth, at times experiencing weightlessness, before the reusable object was braked by large parachutes and landed again.
The International Aviation Association and many other experts see 100 kilometers above the Earth as the boundary between Earth and space, but there is no binding international regulation.
It was already the third manned flight of Blue Origin: At the first in July, Amazon founder Bezos was on board himself, together with his brother Mark, a 82-year-old former US pilot, and an 18-year-old Dutchman.
At the second one in October, the 90-year-old Canadian actor William Shatner was present, who became famous worldwide with his role as "Captain Kirk" in "Star Trek", as well as the former NASA engineer Chris Boshuizen, the entrepreneur Glen de Vries, and the deputy chief of Blue Origin, Audrey Powers.
Critics accuse Bezos and Blue Origin of driving the business of space tourism largely without scientific research interests for the benefit of humanity and without consideration for the climate.
With a simple tap, you can choose whether your "Smart Stone" should glow permanently in one color or display its entire color palette.
When placed on a color change, the light stone maintains a light color for around one minute before gently transitioning to the next decorative color tone.
The solid construction of the "Smart Stone" lamp protects it from the weather all year round.
In a snowy environment, their light shines particularly well - only with shortened light duration should be reckoned with, as the days become shorter.
Please keep in mind that no snow should interfere with the function of the solar module in the winter.
The "Smart Stone" uses a NiMh battery in the current Mignon (AA) format, which can be easily replaced if necessary.
You can order a suitable replacement battery through our webshop and thus extend the use of your flashlight even further.
High-gloss effect spray that makes smooth surfaces look like chrome.
Suitable for all smooth surfaces, especially for the design of wheels, rim blades, and paintable plastic parts after appropriate preparation.
With this product, DUPLI-COLOR is introducing for the first time a weather-resistant and easy-to-wipe chrome spray.
The optimal effect is achieved on a black background, for example, by pre-priming with DUPLI-COLOR TUNING Effect Primer.
Available as a single dose and in a set including Effect Primer and a Dusting Brush for optimal preparation of the coating.
For use on metal, wood, glass, lacquered hard plastics, stone.
Perfect, that's exactly what I need :) do I need to add anything else?
Do you only need the tracking number in my mail?
Someone who works or studies biochemistry
I am currently studying in the first semester of biochemistry and I find the subject itself quite interesting and I don't get bothered by being in the lab (I have already completed the inorganic chemistry practical course).
Of course, I also informed myself about career prospects before starting my studies, but at the time, I also thought that I would definitely study until the doctorate and then work.
But at the moment, doubts are coming to me, especially depressing me the job prospects.
On one side (Studycheck etc), one hears constantly super job opportunities and the profession is totally in demand, on the other side, one hears constantly about unemployed biologists and extremely poorly paid positions.
Therefore, I would be really interested in:
What are you currently working on?
2) Are you satisfied with your work/salary?
3) What have you studied/which training have you received?
Would you like to do it all again?
Thank you for your answers!
I am currently really unsure and am considering whether to break off my studies in 2022 and become a female IT specialist through training.
If you have any experiences, please write them down as well :)
Extra Stress before Holiday & Festival Weekends
This topic came up last week with me.
I must now use my long weekend to relax.
Therefore, now a post for it.
Not only before big holidays, like Christmas, there is a lot of stress in our operation.
It seems that there are also plus days before holidays and bridge days.
Well, it was like this: Last week was the feast day of the Assumption of Mary, which we call "Ascension" in Switzerland.
On Fridays, most people and businesses take a semi-official bridge day.
Last week, there was a long 4-day weekend at home.
What went on last week?
Stress everywhere.
Lots of emails that had to be sent out before takeoff, assignments here and there, everything *absolutely* had to be done before the long weekend.
Well... yeah, well?
Why does "next week then" sound so much and it shouldn't be like that?
Or is it because people want to achieve so much in a shortened week as they would in a normal one?
Not only was I stressed on Wednesday, but I was also extremely agitated.
What is the purpose of this self-imposed fasting during holidays?
Why do we still have holidays if we can't enjoy them properly?!
The stress didn't come from above, the colleagues were all completely independent and on top of it.
My question is simply: Are only we, the Swiss, like this?
Is this our reformed-evangelical style?
Or do you know that in the North as well?
Yvonne Catterfeld is looking forward to Christmas in Thuringia
Yvonne Catterfeld (42) is looking forward to Christmas in her Thuringian homeland - but she hasn't even gotten any gifts yet.
"The beauty, even if there is no snow in Erfurt, then one simply goes to Ilmenau in the Thuringian Forest," said the actress and singer of Hit Radio FFH.
She will get herself ready for the party by baking and basting with her son.
"I love that", said Catterfeld.
But until the days of enlightenment, she still had a lot to do: "For the first time, I still haven't received any gifts, I have to get things done now."
NEKTON-Bio supports a smooth flow of the moult and feather regeneration.
NEKTON-Bio contains all essential vitamins, amino acids, minerals, trace elements, and 200,000 µg of Biotin per kilogram.
NEKTON-Bio gives the bird a smooth and shiny feather.
The majority of feather damage occurring in bird keeping is exclusively due to nutritional errors.
Since the feathers consist of protein-rich substance, a particularly rich and balanced protein diet for the bird is a prerequisite for the formation of a flawless feather coat.
For a functional metabolism, the daily diet must contain sufficient vitamins, minerals, and trace elements.
A large part of the animal losses that occur during moulting are due to insufficient or unbalanced protein supply and/or inadequate provision with vitamins and minerals.
The unfavorable ratio of amino acids in most plant-based feed is explicitly taken into account and balanced in the composition of NEKTON-Bio.
During the application of NEKTON-Bio, no other vitamin preparation should be administered.
NEKTON-Bio is cold water soluble and can be administered easily through drinking water or through the soft food.
Thank you, I have found it
Unfortunately, it still doesn't work
DDR-Handicraft model old-style E-locomotive E 95 03 DRG/DR, the locomotive was in use in Silesia and Central Germany, the very rare locomotive probably comes from the conversion proposal of the model railway enthusiast ME Heft 11/1968, used with game tracks and spare parts see photos, functions well, the E 95 series is a heavy freight electric locomotive of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG), designed for the traction of heavier coal trains in the Silesian network, possibly the locomotive body also comes from the small series manufacturer ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
A locomotive is located in the DB Museum Halle (Saale) and is operational after being restored.
The German Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft had AEG assigned the task of presenting proposals for an electric locomotive that should be able to transport 2.200-ton coal trains and 530-ton passenger trains with a speed of 45 km/h on this route.
The maximum speed requested was 65 km/h.
Therefore, the DRG decided in March 1926 to deliver the locomotive as 1'Co+Co1' with trolley-mounted drive AEG with the delivery of the mechanical part, and Siemens-Schuckertwerke with the electrical part.
From December 1927 to June 1928, six locomotives were delivered, which received the operating numbers E 95 01-06.
All of them survived the Second World War and found themselves afterwards on the territory of the future GDR.
In 1946, the locomotives were delivered as war reparations to the Soviet Union.
They returned to Germany until November 1952.
In the Reichsbahnausbesserungswerk Dessau, the processing suitability of all six locomotives was determined.
[4] As the demand for locomotives for heavy freight service increased with the ongoing electrification of the central German network, three locomotives (E 95 01 to E 95 03) were refurbished in 1959, with the remaining machines serving as spare parts sources.
Here, the E 04, E 44, and E 94, which were available in larger quantities, were preferred.
Only when it became clear that the processing capacity of the E 94 could not be increased any further did the E 95 come into focus for processing.
First, the locomotives were stationed at the railway depot in Leipzig-Wahren.
They came to the railway workshop Halle P. in 1960.
They were mostly used in their own circular plan, usually in front of coal trains from the Geiseltal heading towards Halle, Leipzig, and Erfurt.
The increasing age of locomotives has proven to be problematic in terms of their complex control.
It often happened that Schütze stuck during balance operations.
Then the man who had to ride on this locomotive constantly had to use a hammer and a wooden chisel to loosen the bolts during the journey.
Damage to the traction motors occurred frequently and led to month-long outages of the locomotive.
[5] Since the end of the 1960s there were enough new locomotives available and there was no plan for a significant expansion of the electrical operation at that time, the Reichsbahn was able to dispense with old locomotives and most of the splinter classes, so that the E 95 were taken out of service.
Furthermore, the German Reichsbahn wanted to use only single-manned electric locomotives, which would have caused problems in train operation due to the mentioned difficulties with the machines and the viewing conditions from the driver's cab.
After mid-1969, the E 95 02 and E 95 03 were withdrawn, followed by the E 95 01, which retired on October 5, 1970.
The planned new designation 255 001 was never used.
All locomotives have been dismantled except for E 95 02.
The E 95 02 was installed as a replacement for the future museum locomotive E 77 10 as a switch heating system on the main railway station in Halle.
It took some time for the responsible people at the Reichsbahn to be convinced that the E 95 should be preserved as a museum locomotive.
In 1979, the initial external processing of the locomotive began with the goal of presenting it as a vehicle show in the RAW Dessau.
[5] She belonged to the Verkehrsmuseum Dresden as a non-operational museum locomotive since then.
In 1986, the locomotive was completed internally.
In the DB Museum Halle (Saale), the locomotive is museum-worthy.
Since 1995, employees of the Traditionsgemeinschaft Bw Halle P have been working on the operational rehabilitation of the locomotive.
In April 2015, the locomotive was able to be presented for the first time with its new inner and outer coating at an exhibition in the Bw Museum Arnstadt, where the transformators were checked and five traction motors are operational.
-The locomotives stood until 1945 on the Silesian Mountain Railway and the branch lines, where they proved their reliability and low maintenance requirements.
In February 1945, the machines were transferred to the central German network in Leipzig.
The main area of deployment was initially Silesia.
Handcrafted model H0 in OVP, functioning well, optical repairs are necessary on the locomotive in self-made, dusty, with play grooves, smell of the cellar, very rare handcrafted model, very small edition, possibly the building set also comes from the small series company ZSCHUTSCHKE and BACHMANN.
The packaging may have labels and storage marks.
Yes, the F-parts are it.
I received a bed from you.
However, there were problems with a part of it.
The central beam is held by two feet...unfortunately, these are too narrow and the beam cannot be mounted on the feet.
What are we doing now?
I can't build the bed.
The central beam is held by two feet, unfortunately, these are defective.
The central beam does not fit into the intended hanger.
Also I receive new ones.
When will they be sent?
No, I don't want any flat ones.
These are, according to the assembly instructions, the correct ones, they were only too narrow.
But that doesn't matter.
The main thing is that they fulfill their purpose.
For me, they are not flat
Could I receive this?
Hello #NAME#, shall I explain the problem to you again?
Residential fire with two lightly injured and significant damage
Two people were slightly injured in a fire in a residential house in Upper Bavaria.
Furthermore, a estimated damage in the six-digit Euro range has occurred, as the police announced on Sunday.
The fire probably started from a carport and spread to the adjacent residential building in Kinsau (Landsberg am Lech district).
Two residents were reportedly taken to the hospital on Sunday with mild smoke inhalation.
The exact cause of the fire was initially unknown, but the police did not assume a deliberate arson.
The Criminal Police (Kripo) in Fürstenfeldbruck has taken over the further investigations.
But then it comes much later
And I have to pay shipping costs again
To refute fake news - Biontech CEO publishes vaccine photo
Uğur Şahin shared a photo of his first COVID-19 vaccination on the social network LinkedIn in early 2021.
Biontech's CEO Uğur Şahin had not previously expressed himself publicly on his vaccination status.
Now the entrepreneur has published a photo showing his COVID-19 vaccination.
"The illness of a friend has moved him to share," Şahin said.
The CEO and co-founder of the Mainz-based company Biontech, Uğur Şahin, has published a photo showing how he receives a vaccination against the coronavirus.
There were false informations on social media that I was not vaccinated.
"Actually, my wife and I have received 3 doses of the Biontech-Pfizer vaccine," wrote Şahin on Friday in a post on the LinkedIn network.
"For the past few months, my friends have been urging me to post a photo of myself getting vaccinated to counter these false rumors."
So far, he has rejected it because the communication should not revolve around him.
But a call in the past week has changed his opinion: "I was deeply saddened to learn that an old school friend of mine is currently fighting for his life."
He is fighting against a severe Covid-19 infection and has been hooked up to a ventilator for three weeks.
According to Shahin, the school friend and his family have not been vaccinated.
He did not ask for reasons.
"However, the most common cause seems to be fear, which is often fueled by misinformation and mistrust."
Fear can only be fought with facts to a limited extent. Sometimes it is better to share personal experiences.
An interview with Deutsche Welle is circulating on the internet in which Uğur Şahin says he has not been vaccinated.
However, the video was created in December 2020, as the Deutsche Welle itself clearly stated.
"It is currently not legally allowed for me to get the vaccine myself," said Şahin at the time.
There should be a priority in Germany for vaccination against COVID-19.
Meanwhile, the prioritization has been suspended for a long time - and the BioNTech CEO has been vaccinated three times according to his own statements.
Fire in transformer station: Thousands of people without power
In several communities in North Rhine-Westphalia, the light went out on Friday evening: no electricity and in many cases probably also no heating.
A fire had paralyzed a transformer station.
After a fire with severe damage in a transformer station, thousands of people in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia had to go without power for around 24 hours.
On Friday evening, the lights went out for 41,000 affected residents in several communities.
The supplier Westnetz reported that numerous emergency power generators were in operation until the widespread disturbance could be completely resolved in the late evening.
Firefighters and rescue workers from the THW provided assistance in the affected communities.
The authorities offered support in schools and called for neighborhood help.
The supplier thanked the affected parties for their patience and the helpers for their efforts.
We are very conscious of the fact that the last 24 hours have brought significant restrictions.
We also thank the affected communities, the district, the fire departments, and the THW for their untiring efforts," said the head of the primary technology area, Florian Witt, in a message on Saturday evening.
He explained that the repairs will take some more days, as the Western network technicians could only temporarily put some cables back into operation.
A technical defect led to the fire, according to company statements.
Electricity flows again
The fire that broke out on Friday at 7:15 pm according to Westnetz's information has severely damaged parts of the 10,000-volt switching station in Neunkirchen-Seelscheid.
There would be extensive cleaning and repair work required.
Parallel to that, a connection to a 30,000-volt power supply level has been created.
With the help of this bypass, the power supply is again.
Since Saturday 6 pm, over 21,000 people in Much and Ruppichteroth have had electricity again.
Another 20,000 residents of Neunkirchen-Seelscheid were gradually connected from 9:30 PM.
Since 23:15, even the last ones affected by the power outage should have had power.
Over 80 technicians from Westnetz and partner companies have been in operation.
The authorities had called for neighborhood help after setting up a backup power supply for important buildings on Saturday afternoon.
"It is important now that citizens take care of older or lonely people in their neighborhood and inform the local fire department if help is needed," explained Landrat Sebastian Schuster (CDU) after a crisis meeting.
The focus was mainly on the residents of nursing homes when setting up and operating emergency power generators.
Furthermore, temporary care places were set up in schools for those people who could not take care of themselves or who needed medical equipment that was dependent on electricity or were dependent on medical care.
Hello!
Unfortunately, the ceiling in Germany is sold out.
Can I buy them and pay in euros?
It is about the daily cover #PRS\_ORG# in blue-green.
I hope you also have a beautiful day and stay healthy ♡
But I can't mount the underframe on the tabletop.
It is about Custom #NAME#.
There are 3 versions of it.
We wanted to use table plates with a diameter of #NUMBER#.
We have a diameter of 155cm.
Today my #PRS\_ORG# came, but I can't collapse it and thus shorten it.
Can you help me further?
Otherwise, I would have to send them back, as they are not suitable for the purpose otherwise.
I would appreciate a feedback
Yes, that is really easier!
Then let's do it!
Can you send me the return shipping label via email?
The repair is now completed.
I had already tried this before the chat.
Before purchasing, I did not restart the E-#PRS\_ORG#.
Should I do this now?
I find it almost insulting to have such a low discount.
We are not in agreement with that.
Nordic Combined: Combiner Riiber wins
German Nordic combined athletes Fabian Rießle and Julian Schmid have sprinted to the podium at the World Cup in Estonia's Otepää.
The duo had to concede defeat again to the outstanding Norwegian Jarl Magnus Riiber, who had already started with a big lead after the ski jumping event.
Return of order number #NUMBER#
When will the money be transferred back to my account?
Yes, we both have made s new and are using version 4.5...
"It could be that they have already heard of the problem often."
I have directly with my #PRS\_ORG#, a book bought, it seems to be on it.
When I try to open it, the message comes, "ups!"
This document could not be opened.
The file may be faulty, please report it to the customer service.
As far as I can tell, it is a #PRS\_ORG# epub file.
Can you help me further?
Is the chat connection gone and now?
I have to work in between!
To ensure that the paint job is even and clean, you should clean the parts with a little soap and water, rinse with clear water, and dry them thoroughly.
Before you bring the first new color to the model with the brush for the first time, it is recommended to practice 2 to 3 strokes.
You can do this on the later not visible inside of the parts or on a yogurt cup.
The first stroke on the building component
Draw the brush stroke by stroke in a uniform manner.
Overlapping of the color layers later results in a uniform surface.
Avoid quick back-and-forth wiping with the brush.
This can result in unrealistic-looking areas.
A model is not a garden fence.
Start with the bright colors.
The dark ones could otherwise shine later.
Metallic tones and colors come to a conclusion with a separate brush.
Otherwise, unpleasant metal streaks may occur when they mix with normal colors.
Let the painted parts dry for a day before you varnish them.
The models achieve an authentic appearance through decals or removable images.
From national symbols on aircraft to ship names, decals add the finishing touch to models.
Bring the decals in the correct order while the parts are still accessible.
A plane's cockpit can be easier to clean before it is installed in the fuselage.
More important than the right tool, such as scissors, tweezers, and toothpick, when gluing are time, patience, and a steady hand.
Cut each required decal individually and arrange them as needed.
Decals are also called water-slide decals because you wet the back of them briefly with water until the carrier paper turns dark.
Then you just draw the picture a little bit on the paper and place the piece on the corresponding spot on the model (which you also moistened beforehand).
While you are holding the decal on the model with a tool, you pull the carrier paper to the side.
Attention: Always check if the image is correctly positioned before you completely tear it off the paper, so that it does not stick to your finger, knit or even tear.
Absorb excess water with a household cloth.
Attention not suitable for children under 3 years
I can only briefly open a book when I look for something else, then I no longer read the book and have to log out and log back in and reload the book and search for the place where I left off.
On Saturday, I have already communicated with you.
Can I get this by email?
For all 3 packages?
Because the lamp came in 3 separate packages with me.
Ok, thank you very much!
Then I'll buy elsewhere as soon as the money is returned.
Can I get it back problem-free?
Treatment of child wish with PKV / What is a "Versicherungsfall"?
Hello everyone,
We were some time in children's wish fulfillment, now when it comes to billing with the PKV, this suddenly stands in the way.
In order:
We had the Kinderwunschbahndlung im Vorfeld bei der PKV beantragt and received the guarantee over 3 attempts.
The attempts were in no way (e.g. time frame, success, etc.) restricted.
The first attempt led directly to a successful pregnancy and birth and was credited to the PKV.
A few months later, we tried to have a second child, and underwent 2 (unsuccessful) attempts, but we have not yet counted these towards the PKV.
We requested again the cost coverage by the PKV and were granted again 3 more attempts.
After some more attempts (we have conducted more attempts than agreed, logically the most expensive ones should be covered by the PKV), we submitted the invoices to the PKV and received a terrible surprise: instead of 5 attempts (2+3), the PKV only wants to cover 3 attempts.
The justification: With pregnancy/birth, the remaining two attempts of the first promise fall away.
The second child wish is a new insurance case.
"But according to the insurance contract, 'The insurance case begins with the healing treatment, it ends when treatment need no longer exists.'"
The questions to the experts in the round here:
* Who has the right to claim the PKV (only 3 attempts are reimbursed) or us (there are 5 attempts to be reimbursed)?
* Should the PKV have pointed out to us that with a birth, the further attempts fall away?
* Is the desire for a second child really a new insurance case?
Infertility (due to closed fallopian tubes) is not cured by having a child.
It would be great if the experts here could give their opinion.
Thank you very much for your help!
Could you please send me the three variants by email and tell me how I can reach them best?
Okay.
We will no longer be ordering from them.
If they add up the sales of me and my friend #NAME# (same address), they have obviously lost a good customer.
They can certainly pass this on to their manager.
This is not competitive.
Yesterday, my colleague told me that the repayment was initiated and now you're telling me that I have to send the thing back first.
I can't really do anything about it if the wardrobe is completely messed up when it arrives at my place.
Please see what the colleague has written in the screenshot.
It is clear and distinct that the repayment was initiated and I have not yet received a repayment per #PRS\_ORG#.
You can inform your manager that you have lost two regular customers.
My friend has also ordered various furniture for our apartment through his account.
We will not do that anymore.
No, the defect only occurred after a few months.
A desk chair must be able to withstand normal use.
Otherwise, they may not sell him as a desk chair.
Regardless of that, the warranty of 24 months applies.
No, it is not possible for me to obtain a different type of packaging.
I will dismantle the cabinet and make it available to the transport company.
Hello, I have a question about your #PRS_ORG# series.
These products are advertised with additional hooks that we unfortunately cannot find with you.
Can they help?
Topic of the week: The best low budget movies
There is no general definition of what a low-budget film is, and there are no exact budget limits for it.
According to Wikipedia, the following is true:
>A **low-budget film** or **low-budget movie** is a motion picture shot with little to no funding from a major film studio or private investor.
There are plenty of lists of low-budget films on the internet, for example on Letterboxd.com.
Do you know any interesting representatives of this category?
What excites you about it?
And what do you perhaps not like at all?
I am a very good customer of yours, I have already fully furnished 2 apartments with your furniture.
Wanted to ask the best price for the gray leather sofa Odelle.
The delivery time has now been extended again, is this now also reliable?
Thank you very much
With friendly greetings
There is no phone number, a chat where you have to wait 30 minutes is not a chat!
Unfortunately, nothing changes at the waiting position...I will try again soon because it simply does not work here.
Hello
"Half victory" against Belarus with high costs for the EU
According to the political expert Raphael Bossong, the EU can declare a "half victory" in the conflict with the Belarusian regime.
"But the costs are very high and mean massive violations of the rights of migrants and refugees at the border with Poland and Lithuania," Bossong told the Evangelical Press Service (epd).
The EU has not resolved the confrontation sustainably, according to the researcher of the Berlin Foundation for Science and Politics (SWP).
This state of suspension - Belarus doesn't give up entirely, but the EU feels like a winner - is likely to continue for a while.
Bossong judged that the treatment of people at the border was not in line with the European Convention on Human Rights.
It seems that there is a "growing normalization of pushbacks" by individual EU governments.
Since the EU as a whole does not decide against it, it goes at the expense of basic rights.
This development weakens both the strength and cohesion within the Union.
"She seems unable to prevail when a member state insists on doing its own thing, as is currently the case with Poland, which does not even allow Frontex, the EU border protection agency, access to its borders."
In addition, the EU pays a further price for its policy at the border with Belarus, as Bossong explains: The principle of asylum policy would be impaired, as the slogan "border protection, border protection, border protection" has been strengthened.
Another attempt at crossing the border
According to statements by Poland's Border Guard, migrants have attempted to cross into Polish territory from Belarus again.
55 migrants were arrested in the night on Sunday and taken back to the border, according to a spokesperson for the authorities on Sunday.
The Polish officials were reportedly attacked by migrants with stones near the village of Czeremsza.
According to the information, a soldier was hit in the face and had to be treated by a military doctor.
In total, the border police registered 52 attempted border crossings within 24 hours.
Already on Friday evening, a group of 28 migrants had overcome the border barriers.
Thousands of people from countries like Iraq and Afghanistan have crossed the border between Belarus and the EU in the past months, or have attempted to do so.
The EU accuses Alexander Lukashenko of luring Belarusian citizens with the prospect of EU entry.
According to press reports, Poland and Lithuania have sealed off border crossings.
The EU imposed sanctions on Belarus and threatened airlines that bring migrants and refugees into the country.
Furthermore, EU commissioners travel to countries of origin of people to prevent their departure.
According to Bossong, the most effective element of the EU reaction is the pressure on the airlines.
"The EU has thrown its market power into the balance and demonstrated its determination to operate with hard bandages and extraterritorial sanctions."
Minsk must also consider the internal political costs.
The Belarusian society may not be prepared for the fact that the security apparatus regularly passes thousands of people through the country.
Mercedes lodges protest after controversial Formula 1 finale
Max Verstappen is alleged to have committed two rule violations during the race, according to Mercedes.
After the controversial Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi, Mercedes has filed an appeal.
The Silver Arrows suspect two rule violations in the last Grand Prix of the year.
A protest refers to a supposed violation by Max Verstappen in the Red Bull during the last Safety Car phase, when he allegedly overtook illegally.
A second appeal was filed against the classification at the end of the race.
According to Mercedes, the protocol was not followed correctly.
Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the last lap and won his first Formula 1 title.
The maneuver took place shortly after the end of a Safety Car phase, in which the Dutch driver had overtaken the car in front of him.
I will check it.
I spoke with the bank and reported myself to you again.
thank you for the support
Free admission for members: Europa-Park organizes SC Freiburg fantag
The Europa-Park, namesake of the Europa-Park Stadium of the Sport-Club Freiburg, has invited the SC Freiburg Fantag.
According to the park's announcement, members and permanent card holders of the Sport-Club from the Breisgau region, as well as members of the fan community, were allowed to visit the Europa-Park for free on that day.
Additionally, there were coupons for drinks and sausages.
The roller coaster trains shone through the jerseys red and white on this day.
"Füchsle, Ed Euromaus and many red-white balloons ensured the perfect backdrop," the park said.
The cooperation between the Bundesligist and the amusement park in Rust, 40 kilometers north of Freiburg, has already existed since the early 90s.
The first SC Freiburg Fantag in the Europa-Park has again shown how well the partnership fits.
"Shining fans can be seen having fun together on the roller coaster, that confirms it," says Europa-Park owner Jürgen Mack.
Why is it €#NUMBER# and not originally 1699€?
Stages in the career of the new world champion Verstappen
Max Verstappen from the Netherlands is the new world champion of Formula 1.
Max Verstappen has succeeded.
The Dutchman wins his first World Championship title in his seventh year in Formula 1 with Red Bull.
His path to the summit of the royal class:
Abu Dhabi - 2012, Italy: Verstappen lost the karting world championship after a crash in Sarno.
Father Jos Verstappen leaves him annoyed at a gas station on the way back.
His mother Sophie Kumpen collects the teenager in the following car.
In 2014, England: Red Bull's junior team received a promising young talent in Verstappen.
The 16-year-old steps into the footsteps of Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo.
He initially continued driving in the European Formula 3.
In 2015, Australia: Verstappen started at the age of 17 years and 166 days as the youngest pilot in history in a Grand Prix.
Due to a defect, he had to stop his Toro Rosso in Melbourne prematurely.
In 2015, Malaysia: The then Toro Rosso driver Verstappen was just 17 years and 180 days old, making him the youngest Formula 1 driver to score points.
Verstappen finishes in Sepang at the Malaysian Grand Prix in seventh place.
In his first race for Red Bull, Verstappen wins immediately in 2016, in Spain.
At the age of 18 and 228 days, he will become the youngest Grand Prix winner in Formula 1 history in Barcelona.
2019, Hungary: Verstappen celebrates his first pole position in Budapest - the youngest he is not.
At the age of 21, he leaves Valtteri Bottas and his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton behind.
2021, Abu Dhabi: The summit has been reached.
Verstappen celebrates his first World Championship title at the Formula 1 finale in Abu Dhabi at the age of 24 - with an overtaking maneuver against Hamilton in the final round. dpa
I had already #NUMBER# of you when I ordered the #PRS\_ORG# commode.
Judith Hermann read from her novel "Home"
As part of the reading series "LiteraTour Nord", author Judith Hermann read from her current novel "Daheim" on Friday in the sold-out Blue Note and also served as a moderator.
She is divorced, lives in a house by the coast and listens sensitively to the nocturnal sounds at her front door.
I submitted the contact form to return an article yesterday, but I haven't received any email confirmation or similar.
My question would be, if my request has been initiated.
Not everyone has the time for your clueless chat and cheaply delivered junk from China.
Your mistake, which you correct and not all from our household.
Contact Frau #NAME#.
I can't chat with them every day.
We had talked yesterday and agreed that I or Mrs. #NAME# will receive an email with a 60 Euro voucher, a repeat order of the #PRS\_ORG# nightstand, and a return shipping label.
This email has not yet come.
The package wants to be delivered to #PRS\_ORG# today.
Please contact me
With friendly greetings
The LokSound 5 Decoder can output up to 10 channels simultaneously.
Each channel can be resolved here with up to 16 bits / 31250 kHz and offers endless HiFi quality on your device.
It is practically no difference to the original audible.
A Class-D audio amplifier with up to 3W output power controls the speakers with an impedance between 4 Ohm and 32 Ohm.
The huge 128 Mbit sound buffer provides sufficient capacity.
All individual sounds can be adjusted in terms of volume.
The super flexible sound engine without rigid timetable allows for the exact simulation of all conceivable railway vehicles.
Three separately adjustable braking functions and two alternative load scenarios give you maximum control over your vehicles.
Sorry, but just because he says he is not an anti-Semite doesn't mean anything.
It's like when a politician says he has nothing against immigrants.
You won't admit it, but it's both of you.
But Kollegah constantly reproduces some anti-Semitic messages.
If you want to distance yourself, then you should simply let it be completely.
Oh wow, then you're just as unserious as Kollegah.
If someone seriously questions the theory of evolution, they are simply completely lost.
For my part, I believe that a God has set the whole thing in motion.
But once you become a creationist, you must believe that the earth is 10,000 years old and that science is just a bunch of nonsense.
And that makes you a science denier and not to be taken seriously like Kollegah
To obtain an optimal field of vision, the magnifying glass should be brought as close as possible to the eye.
The specifically planar-achromatic designed lens system allows you to use the loupe practically without distortion and color errors even in the edge zone.
Often, lenses are marked with magnification values.
These statements apply only to precisely defined conditions that rarely correspond to the usage conditions.
To make the most of your loupe, please note the instructions in the table "Technical Data" (See user manual in the packaging).
Light reflections occur on the surfaces of all optical devices - including lens surfaces - as well as on impact surfaces.
By using an anti-reflection coating, these reflections are significantly reduced.
When used optimally - Lupe close to the eye - reflections on the lens surfaces are less noticeable.
Further information can be found in the accompanying user manual (available in both German and English).
Zeiss VisuCard Lens Pocket Lens Magnification Reading Lens Reading Aid
Whether as a reading aid for traveling or simply for everyday use: The Zeiss VisuCard is the ideal helper, as it can be taken anywhere due to its handy format.
And its hard shell makes it robust against special strains on the old day.
Every loupe comes with a check card holder for storage and safe transport.
You offer these parts, which you can see in the images or under "On what do you offer" is described.
What is the condition of the offered article?
Of course, everyone can make a mistake once in a while, but if this happens, just write a message and it will be resolved to your satisfaction (either through exchange, partial refund, or full refund).
You will receive a regular invoice.
Shipping will always be sent, unless otherwise expressly desired by the buyer, with tracking number per DHL!
Please refer to the above shipping conditions for the individual shipping costs.
There will be no further handling costs.
Ok, say all authorized, how can I check more precisely?
Yes, both the email address.
#PRS\_ORG# will do very nice and good service, it took a bit until someone was reached, you were super.
Hello dear #PRS\_ORG# Team,
I have already contacted you under customer service with the number #PHONENUMBER#.
Yes, but it was called something else before.
You cannot deliver from England due to #PRS\_ORG#.
Christmas tree sales in Schönwolde: In the community of Krembz, women are looking for Christmas trees.
Farmer Frank Diers has already experienced many curious situations when selling Christmas trees.
Once a man even had to drive home without his partner because they couldn't agree.
He plants about 2000 pieces of that every year.
The 56-year-old has already experienced so many curious situations.
He says that makes the pre-Christmas time always a bit funny.
And what about the coupon?
Otherwise, I'll be a customer elsewhere!
At least I received a defective delivery and now I have to pay the full price for it.
Then I will evaluate it accordingly!
We don't need to have discussions about which dish is better, but there is a certain similarity between the two.
Both consist of meat that is grilled on a rotating spit.
And both have therefore their name.
An English equivalent might be something like "the spinner", which doesn't sound nearly as appetizing.
Problems with fiber optic cable + Devolo DLan/Magic
We have had a new fiber optic connection in the house for a few weeks.
Unfortunately, I am currently having problems building a stable WiFi network.
Before, I had a DSL 50 Mbit connection and used Devolo DLan, which, with a few exceptions, flawlessly received and transmitted 50 Mbit.
The new fiber optic connection sends 500 Mbit to the FritzBox 7590 and the DLAN module, which is connected to the FritzBox, also receives these.
However, at the other DLan module, which sends WiFi, the full 500 does not come anymore, but the further I get away from the module with the device, the less comes in (so use a power strip that is 1, 2, 3, etc. rooms away from the other module).
This leads to the fact that the Internet with the new fiber optic connection is now even slower on the first floor than before (~45 Mbit).
I have also ordered a new Devolo Magic Set, which apparently uses a new technology.
This was slightly better than DLan, but there were also similar large losses here.
Can someone explain to me why so much internet speed is lost over the power line with fiber optic cable?
Is LAN really the only solution?
It would be extremely time-consuming to rewire the LAN cables in the house.
I am really at a loss as to why I created this extra account here.
Therefore, I would be overjoyed by an answer.
Step-by-step guide to switching current accounts
Who would have thought that now there would be peace at the Giro accounts, one is disappointed.
While many banks have used the autumn to confirm with various tricks from their customers the fee increases of the past, the negative interest rates also continue to fall.
For example, the German bank was considered relatively generous with a limit of 100,000 euros.
She has now halved the free bet and quadrupled the daily stake.
In a first step, the limit was only lowered for customers of the corporate division of Postbank - to 50,000 euros for current and investment accounts and to 25,000 euros for savings accounts.
However, these lower freebet rates now apply to the entire Deutsche Bank, as a spokesperson confirmed on request.
And not only for new contracts, but also for "new individual agreements with existing customers".
The Commerzbank had already gone below a limit of 50,000 euros before, which still applies, as does the limit at ING Deutschland.
The popular direct bank DKB has reduced the free amounts in two stages, first to 50,000 euros, and now to 25,000 euros.
At least: More than 100 banks have now a minimum interest rate of 25,000 euros or less, according to figures from the internet portal Verivox.
The Sparda-Bank Berlin has also reached a limit of 25,000 euros: However, there is still a legal dispute with the consumer centers, which have already been successful in the first instance before the Landgericht Berlin against this regulation.
Banks are already discussing whether institutes should create provisions - in case the upper instances declare negative interest rates in principle as unlawful and many millions have to be refunded to bank customers.
The table plate for 8 people was delivered instead of the one for 6 people.
The underframe is that for 6 people.
Jennifer Aniston has a whole beauty army.
She now stands officially at the top of Hollywood.
But your life is like a mountain and valley journey.
Jennifer Aniston (52) was chosen by the US magazine "The Hollywood Reporter" as the most influential woman of the year.
For those who made headlines in 2021 with the "Friends" reunion and the continuation of their series "The Morning Show," this success is primarily the result of a lot of discipline and hard work.
An entire army of assistants, stylists, and trainers is concerned with their appearance.
Well, so Aniston, she allows herself a chip a day (yes, correctly read: a single chip from the bag).
That the hearts of male and female fans still fly equally is actually a wonder.
Maybe because she just has bad luck with love - and is still searching for the big love.
And the baby wish has been removed from the list.
Previously, she was constantly asked when she would finally become a mother.
It hurt her.
The people who asked me that have no idea what's going on with me personally, medically, why I can't.
It was really hurtful.
Hopefully, success and fame will also bring happiness.
Unworthy end of a career: Räikkönen must retire
Kimi Räikkönen's departure from Formula 1 was quieter than expected.
Abu Dhabi - The 42-year-old Finn took off his gloves and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
That's it.
After a driving error and a slight tire contact, Kimi Räikkönen had to stop his Alfa Romeo at the Grand Prix of Abu Dhabi after only half the race distance.
It was his 349th and last Grand Prix, the "Iceman" ended his career in the Motorsport royal class.
For his farewell, his wife Minttu and their two children also traveled to the United Arab Emirates.
Raikkonen's greatest success was winning the World Championship in 2007 in a Ferrari.
He achieved 21 Grand Prix victories, started 18 times from pole position and came 103 times on the podium. dpa
Friedrich wins 60th World Cup event - Nolte wins two-man bob event - Sport
The brand of the Norwegian biathlete Ole Einar Björndalen with 94 victories is the goal of the bobsled pilot.
"I have calculated it through, I would have to win nine and a half races per season in order to make it to Cortina 2026," said the double Olympic champion from BSC Oberbärenburg, who scored two victories in two days at the races in Winterberg.
On Saturday, he initially repelled the attack by Johannes Lochner by five hundredths, in which he moved from third place to first.
Then he changed something in the material setting and drove on Sunday with 0.30 seconds a larger lead.
With his team Thorsten Margis (SV Halle), Candy Bauer (BSC Oberbärenburg) and Alexander Schüller (SV Halle) he beat the Brit Brad Hall.
Third place went to the Austrian Benjamin Maier.
"We went for a bigger risk today and were rewarded," said Friedrich, who also scored his 22nd consecutive victory.
The Berchtesgaden resident Johannes Lochner, who was driving to Stuttgart, came in fifth place this time after finishing second in the previous race.
Christoph Hafer from BC Bad Feilnbach landed after ranking fourth in the first race on eighth place.
"If I knew what he did differently, then I would also do it that way," said Lochner.
Nolte wins at home - Podium for Jamanka
Laura Nolte won her third seasonal victory in the two-man bob at home.
After it was only enough for fourth place in the monobob on the previous day, she raced to victory in the German three-way success with Deborah Levi as her pusher on Sunday.
Two-man bob Olympic champion Mariama Jamanka from the BRC Thuringia came in second with Germany's fastest sprinter, Alexandra Burghardt from Burghausen.
She booked her first podium finish in this winter, in addition to her Olympic qualification.
Kim Kalicki from Wiesbaden landed in third place with Leonie Fiebig.
For me it was super cool to be on the first podium in the World Cup. I am super happy that Mariama is joining me.
I am very happy with the development.
"There is still a lot of potential at the start, but the start times today were okay," said Burghardt and emphasized: "It's not just pushing, but there is also a lot of stuff around it."
Jamanka was a bit annoyed about the not entirely error-free trips, but said: "It's going in the right direction."
I had the blanket already in my shopping cart and I could buy it now!!!
What should I do?
I haven't received it yet, so I couldn't pay it either. That's why I finally asked about it.
Last year, due to Corona, I had completely different problems and never had time for it.
And now it was said that he was expired, which made me very angry.
Look in the chat, it was about the Asare chair.
I would like to return it and then order it again because it is currently reduced :)
Why is the shipping only starting on March 16th?
There was nothing on your website about such a long delivery time.
No, only when I tap on it comes an extra field with the message.
Was taken from you by your colleague yesterday.
Why is it a problem today?
I have also sent you pictures of the wrongly delivered Wäre.
But we still want the shelf module, even a new undamaged one.
And not the entire order can be canceled.
Only today, only this week, only until XY...
Hello dear girls and women,
I have something I just want to write and maybe it will go to the one - or the other...
I am 24, have kPTBS, full-time student, and dog mom - apart from the fact that my dog doesn't cry or goes to kindergarten, he is basically 1 to 1 my child.
My friend (since 6J together) is sick, has a second-degree burn on Monday and is depressed for years (but is now in therapy).
Yesterday I visited him because I also have emotional needs and I want to see and feel that we have a lot of cuddling and it was beautiful.
I helped him with his shower (because my hand is in a band due to a burn).
He is also cold and we currently see ourselves less (1-2x a week) which makes it very difficult for me with my needs for affection and love.
My dog just had an upset stomach, so I cooked for him and now he's lying in his cozy blanket, feeling a bit relaxed after I was there with the warm lamp and petting him.
I live alone with my sister and my mother, and she is just away for a month.
Now we also have to do some homework, which we of course divide between us.
But even cooking is a lot of work for me...
My PTBS disease is currently set up very well, I am halfway through therapy and I am coming along.
Not good, but I'm coming along and am almost symptom-free.
My university is currently demanding a lot from me (for myself), tomorrow at 3 pm I have a written test for which I haven't done anything yet, and the day after tomorrow, there's an anatomy lesson for which I should at least prepare a little bit.
And next week I have an oral exam on Tuesday, and what comes after that is in my calendar and not in my head because there is no space left there.
My week is going like this: Only until tomorrow, then it's the weekend.
But what happens after that?
Only until the birthday.
Only until the start of the holidays.
Only until the weekend.
Only until...
And so it goes on forever.
I think I'm just so stressed out that I need these mental anchors, otherwise I'll pack it in.
Somehow I feel guilty and "chaotic", but I can't seem to do it any other way...
How are you doing?
Honestly, I am infinitely grateful that I do not have to work.
Truly infinite gratitude, I can't even express it in words.
I'm not sure if I would have survived otherwise.
I think that also has something to do with the mental load of women and therefore I thought I would find fellow sufferers here...
I wish you certainly a relaxing evening, the week is almost over!
I received my order today, unfortunately the whole thing is another color plus surface is scratched and there is a table leg impression.
The color of the first delivery was exactly as shown on the website.
We are very disappointed!!!!
What can you offer me?
If we switch tables now, will I get another color or something?
The email for cancellation was sent on 26.12.#NUMBER#.
In the rest, twice.
But it was not confirmed.
Something completely different: I found in school that many religious teachers do not believe in God and it is for them just another subject like math or geography.
For me it was always a bit strange, perhaps also because I was raised Christian and I always somehow believed it.
How do you stand on this?
Perhaps you can also tell stories with different postures from work or study colleagues.
Generally, I understand the difference between private and professional and it is reasonable to separate them.
Also, there is also a curriculum and such.
But it would also seem strange to have a physics teacher who doesn't believe in the theory of relativity.
What makes someone want to learn about religion if they don't believe in it?
Preserve culture or something like that?
I hope your question is not too private.
Can it not be changed or not? Write in English, I understand it well.
That's already very long, then I would prefer to avoid it.
It's good, thank you.
I expect a prompt response, at the latest by the beginning of next week.
Thank you for your support #NAME#.
Please help me with my film search.
Hello dear people,
I am looking for a movie from my childhood (I am 24 years old).
I believe it is a film for young people.
The film has two timelines (or parallel worlds).
First, the modern world (real world).
On the other hand, the past (or the kingdom of the dead) (not quite sure).
Since I cannot describe it in the real world, there is a young woman.
And in the land of the dead, a young soldier (uniform similar to those of the soldiers in Pirates of the Caribbean).
For some reason, the paths cross and a story emerges.
The antagonist is also a soldier from the Reich of the Dead who wants to bring the woman to this realm so that he can continue to live, as far as I understand.
I believe the transition is also the burial site of the soldier.
I believe both soldiers will fight at the end.
If you have anything to say, I am grateful for any response.
Our little one has slept only on their back from week 1.
Fast forward: still alive :D
Relax.
A child holds much more than one thinks.
Make sure everything is in order, no cuddly toys, go in often and take a look, but no minute surveillance.
That makes you crazy!
Fresh air in the room.
Good mattress.
No pillows.
Oh, and ours didn't have a sleeping bag, but always a blanket.
Watch your child when it sleeps.
Do you turn your head to the side?
Can it stand up from the belly button?
Or is it with the face directly in the mattress?
You can infer from that whether everything is in order.
We have all grown up and when my husband was born, it was the custom to lay the children on their stomachs to sleep.
Furthermore, we are already "Stammkunde" at your store and have already bought many articles.
But why are you offering me only 20EUR?
Hello, I have already written to a colleague of yours yesterday and have not received any response yet.
It's about my wardrobe, which arrived yesterday (Order Number: #ALPHANUMERIC-ID#).
The right drawer doesn't fit in the cabinet.
Please contact me as soon as possible.
The cupboard is currently not available for use.
To make it quite clear.
RBTV has promised a lot.
And yes, I know myself, not everything can be held.
And I had a lot of fun with RBTV.
It's just that the politics of this sender have become utterly ridiculous.
Almost every format is sponsored (ok), but then still go on a big begging tour.
It was said that one is an "independent" internet broadcaster.
Arno's quote: "One doesn't want to be a 'running litfass column'."
What is one now?
An 0815 advertiser trying to sell his merchandise to the elite fan.
And then we have Marah's Do's & Don'ts.
These are natural for everyone, except Simon and Etienne.
Of course, they can continue to insult people.
A crook who lacks empathy and tries to make ashes with the exploded rented rooms at the expense of action.
How should one find all of this good?
Ring if you like, I find it terrifying.
I would like a callback, as my delivered wooden table is defective.
Corpus break due to damaged delivery of the #PRS\_ORG#.
Whether as a comfort blanket for stomach aches or simply for cuddling – My little warm friend is versatile and can be used in many ways.
Cherry pit pillows are a traditional home remedy for soothing warm applications, as cherry pits can absorb and release heat very well.
The removable inner cushion can be heated up very easily in the microwave or in the oven.
The soft contact makes the application particularly pleasant, so that the children feel secure, even if it doesn't go so well for them sometimes.
The cranberry-filled pillow with a zipper is exclusively designed for the following application areas as a warm cushion:
Before warming up the kiss on unusual odor, stock or brand stains, check and dispose of them immediately if they are present.
Please take the inner cushion out of the package before heating it up!
In a microwave at maximum power of 300 watts for a maximum of 2 minutes (manufacturer's specifications should be observed!)
Immediately after heating, distribute the heat evenly in the pillow by shaking!
Then lay the inner cushion back into the cover.
At the first warm-ups, there may be a slight moisture formation on the surface, which disappears with repeated applications.
Please adhere to the given heating recommendations, as longer times or higher energy consumption can lead to damage (fire and burning hazard!).
Before heating a kiss in the microwave, check if it is allowed to heat corn products in the manufacturer's usage instructions.
After the warm inner cushion is placed back in the cover, please check the temperature of the cushion on your arm for suitability for babies (max. 43 °C)!
Do not use the pillow in acute and chronic, inflammatory or feverish illnesses, circulatory disorders, fresh hematomas, blood blisters and open wounds, as well as in people with reduced pain sensitivity.
If you have existing skin, heart, venous, diabetes or tumor diseases, or are pregnant, please consult a doctor before use.
If seams have opened up and kernels have come loose, dispose of the product and the loose kernels immediately and inaccessibly for children.
If the product is applied to babies under 1 year of age, the temperature of the child should be regularly controlled during application to exclude overheating!
All serious incidents related to the product must be reported to the manufacturer and the relevant authority in the country where the user is domiciled.
The connection is removable and can be washed at 30 °C in the machine.
Please note the care symbols on the product!
Darmstadt beats Hinserie in the second round - Pauli wins in Düsseldorf
Darmstadt 98 may dream of returning to the Bundesliga.
Meanwhile, Hannover 96 is working itself out of the relegation zone.
It's not going well for Ingolstadt under the third coach either.
Joy in Darmstadt after the late victory in the top game, happiness in Hannover over interim trainer Christoph Dabrowski, and frustration in Ingolstadt after the failed debut under the new coach Rüdiger Rehm.
Is the battery broken?
Last night, my laptop (ThinkPad E480 20KQ and approximately 3 years old) would not charge through my power adapter.
I bought this about 5 months ago, so it should still work.
I thought a power supply alone would be sufficient for operation.
Error message, the battery is empty and the laptop does not start even with the power cord inserted.
So I took out the battery, but nothing happened here either.
Do you have any ideas?
A new battery has been ordered, but why can't I use the laptop in wireless mode?
Is there anything else broken?
Thank you very much for your help!
I would like to have the delivery of the #PRS\_ORG# brought into the room.
How can I book it?
I am interested in the #PRS\_ORG# chair.
But I don't know how high the seat is....
Often on tour and still carrying a lot of equipment?
No problem with the Everyday V2 Backpack from Peak Design!
The 20-liter storage capacity can also accommodate larger photo equipment without any problems, which can be safely stored using the polished FlexFold dividers.
And what you might still need for everyday objects is well organized and separable from the photo equipment in the individually configurable interior.
With the "Update" of the Everyday Line to version 2 (V2), the series presents itself in a new look.
The backpack has it all - with the Everyday Backpack series, Peak Design has developed some highly innovative solutions that reliably protect the interior of the backpack while still providing quick access to photo equipment in a matter of seconds.
It works with two options: conventionally through the flap, which can be closed with the MagLatch locking system, a well thought-out solution for effective protection that has already proven itself in Messenger bags.
The locking mechanism consists of a metal locking pin with appropriate anchor bolts on the front side of the backpack.
Unlike most backpacks, Peak Design has considered different "fill levels": there are actually 4 reinforced anchor points, into which the locking hook can be inserted.
If the backpack is fully loaded, just take the top bar, if it is empty, take a deeper one.
The buttons and hooks are also magnetic.
So the backpack can be closed reliably without using the hook.
The second option fundamentally distinguishes the Everyday Backpack from other camera backpacks: In addition to the flap closure, there is a zipper opening on both sides of the backpack.
This eliminates the biggest disadvantage of conventional backpacks with top access - you no longer have to rummage through the contents!
At the same time, this clever detail significantly increases the everyday usability of the backpack: If you, in addition to your photo equipment, also take everyday objects or travel luggage with you.
In the Everyday Backpack, you can configure the interior space individually (more about this below), and so both can be easily separated from each other - and through the two side openings, you can also access it independently.
You can also pull the backpack from the right side towards the body, for example, to access the camera equipment in the right main compartment, while the everyday items stay safely in the left side compartment and don't get in the way.
Comfortable, easily adjustable harnesses help.
And since the outer shell of the backpack is also completely made of 100% recycled, waterproof nylon, the contents will stay dry even if it's raining in Scotland in the fall.
Unfortunately, I waited in vain for the email from their support.
#NAME# has sent me an email as confirmation of the assignment.
Announcement of contact from the shipping company regarding the collection of the wrongly delivered table.
I have not received any message yet.
I request immediate settlement.
I am now writing with the third Support employee, with none of them did I get further than the promise that I would receive an email as confirmation.
This is the return of the wrongly delivered custom #NAME#
Can you tell me when the wardrobe will be delivered again?
Keeping him is not an option for me...
It works.
Thank you very much for the help
Have a nice evening!
Hello, my order number is #NUMBER#. When will the article be delivered?
Order and payment was on 12.1.21.
I was delivered a completely different lamp than I ordered.
Please call me
If you extend the voucher to me, I will immediately place a larger order, but at least I have kept the damaged furniture item and not returned it.
And that the past year turned out differently than expected, I could not have guessed and could not properly settle and clarify it in time.
But the damage I have as a customer and I do not accept it.
Rottinger brake pads are designed for the demands of the dynamic driver, providing reliability and safety when braking even under difficult conditions.
Rottinger brake discs are manufactured by casting and then mechanically machined (bored and cut).
All tuned discs are produced in short series after individual technical properties, which are specific to certain discs and patterns.
Based on the individual technical drawing, a special manufacturing program is created that is tailored to the enlargement of the disc according to the properties of the original mounting.
The tuned discs ensure high comfort and braking efficiency.
Additional openings increase the efficiency of cooling the disc, where the cutouts improve the cleaning of the brake pads and calipers.
The aesthetic properties of our tuned discs emphasize the character of each car through an attractive and striking appearance.
Coloma is the city where an unexpected event shaped the history of the West Coast.
In the winter of 1848, a man discovered glowing rocks at the southern branch of the American River.
Although he tried to keep his discovery secret, the news quickly spread and triggered the so-called “California Gold Rush” of '49.
Thousands came from near and far and made Coloma one of the fastest-growing and flourishing cities in the country.
Areas were marked out, tents were erected, and saloons and hotels almost sprang up overnight.
Everyone wanted to have a share in the wealth of the country.
For many it meant: “Coloma or Bust” (Coloma or Bankruptcy)!
In this game, you are a pioneer who seeks wealth in the west and wants to make a name for yourself.
You will seek gold, recruit workers, gather horses, and build companies.
You will also have the opportunity to explore the surrounding river courses and adjacent areas.
You are not alone - it seems that the other pioneers have the same idea!
You must outperform your pioneer colleagues to avoid going bankrupt with the rest of them.
Coloma is a fast strategy game with many ways to win.
You choose your actions simultaneously, must maintain your resources and build a tableau that works more and more for you (so-called "Engine Building").
The buildings on your tableau allow you to become more efficient, gain additional actions, or apply rules to your advantage.
With these buildings and the dynamic bridge plates, you can develop your individual playing style with fine adjustments.
Coloma played for a period of three years from 1848 (the year in which gold was discovered in Coloma), over 1849 (the year of the California Gold Rush), and 1850 (the year in which California achieved statehood).
A year in Coloma consists of five rounds.
During each round, the players secretly and simultaneously choose a location on the game board where they can perform actions.
Then their selection is revealed and they place their pioneers on the appropriate locations.
If a location has the most pioneers, it receives a blockade!
This deactivates half of the location - reducing the possible actions there.
Then the players alternate performing actions, such as winning resources, moving carts, setting up tents, searching rivers, building bridges, opening businesses, and positioning gunfighters.
When all actions are completed, the pioneers return.
The price changer turns at the beginning of every round to a new location and changes the available actions as a result.
This goes on until the seller has moved five times, so that each location has been covered once and the year ends.
There is a shooting range where the players have to defend Coloma from a group of angry bandits.
If the players have enough revolver heroes and the bandits are numerically superior, the players will receive rewards.
However, if they fail, they receive lower rewards or end up on the graveyard.
The game ends after the third shooting, then the final score is determined.
The player with the most victory points wins!
For free shipping, I accept up to the dimensions 35 x 25 x 4.5 cm. The shipping method is parcel shipping (games included).
With most other things, DPD is usually insured and has tracking (games are rolled up, wrapped in bubble wrap, and packed in packaging paper).
If you are a collector, I can also send the card in a cardboard envelope for an additional fee of 2 euros, so that there are no printing marks on it.
"Why Children are not Tyrants" Documentary, ARD Media Library
CW psychological violence, sexual abuse, power abuse
The ARD documentary has appeared in my Twitter timeline today, and I have watched it immediately.
>The children's psychiatrist Michael Winterhoff is a popular guest in talk shows and holds lectures throughout Europe.
With his book "Why Our Children Become Tyrants" (2008), he sparked a heated debate on child-rearing.
Former patients and legal guardians are now making serious accusations against him.
Please be aware, the film is difficult to watch.
And I am very grateful that many people now think and act differently.
It should never, never, never happen to our parents and other responsible adults!
Our goal must always be to give the child space for its development and to make the framework for the child as large as it is sensible and possible in the given situation.
Oh, I'm still shivering.
Holetschek: Countries discussing removal of testing requirement for triple-vaccinated individuals
The health ministers of the countries want to decide on the next meeting about a nationwide abolition of the testing requirement for triple vaccinated people.
"We need clarity quickly, whether and when the testing obligation can be lifted for three times vaccinated people," said Klaus Holetschek (CSU), chairman of the Conference of Health Ministers, to the "Bild am Sonntag".
Holetschek said that the removal of 2G plus for triple vaccinated individuals is "not only medically justifiable, but also provides an additional incentive to get vaccinated."
German Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has promised to make a proposal to the Health Ministers' Conference on Tuesday. - AFP
Also I want to send the lamp back.
How do I go there best?
Hello, I find the #PRS_ORG# chair very beautiful, but I can't see how high the seat is.
Can you help me further?
I can no longer process any purchases through my #PRS\_ORG#.
Advertisement: Oops, an error has occurred.
Shopping on the #PRS\_ORG# page on the computer goes.
I have updated the contact data.
What could this be due to?
What you describe will be called *Awareness*, so sensory perceptions under full anesthesia.
These occur with a frequency of approximately 1 in 1000.
Most commonly, it involves hearing sounds/voices, less commonly seeing images, and rarely feeling pain.
Relevant for this topic: Cesarean sections are operations that are associated with a higher rate of awareness, as one avoids a very deep anesthesia until the birth to protect the child.
Previous episodes of Awareness should be mentioned during the anesthesia consultation.
Certain anesthesia methods, such as total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA), are associated with a slightly increased risk.
**EDIT: Dear all, this comment of mine describes Awareness correctly, however, u/Nitemarex had none by definition.**
I have misread her comment.
But the chair is defective.
Unfortunately, the 20€ don't help us either.
These are legal warranty claims.
The absolute minimum would be for them to take back the defective chair.
This is besides the legal obligation also a standard in the eCommerce area.
Please check if they at least take back the defective chair.
We sell the second chair privately.
We also lose some money.
I have already sent you an email that you have not replied to.
One more question.
The delivery address and invoice state that the goods will be delivered to a room of my choice.
The freight forwarder is company #NAME#.
I just called there.
He told me that they only deliver to the front door - because of #PRS_ORG#.
Is this so?
If yes, I must cancel the order because I do not know a person who can carry the heavy furniture to the first floor.
Will I not be called?
I had a question formulated
Theater historian Günther Rühle has died at the age of 97.
He has profiled himself as a theater critic and as an intendant.
Later, he wrote a monumental theater history.
Günther Rühle died on Friday at the age of 97.
There is still the new book on the table, freshly printed: "An old man becomes older".
The shattering diary of a slow farewell to the world, which theater historian and journalist Günther Rühle led until April 2021.
And in the middle of reading comes the news that the author has died.
The last sentence in the book reads: "I testify here already my life's gratitude."
There are different types of palettes.
One of the most common types are European pallets, standardized wooden pallets that are mainly used as a load carrier in the European region.
You will be certified by the European Pallet Association EPAL
According to data from the Austrian Federal Statistical Office, over ten million palettes were produced in Austria in 2020.
The production value was around 79 million euros.
How many palettes are imported into Austria annually, is not recorded.
New York wins first MLS championship
New York City FC has won the title for the first time in the Major League Soccer.
After a 1-1 draw in the regular season against host Portland Timbers, the team from the Eastern Conference won the final in the penalty shootout with 4:2.
In the final of the Eastern Conference, New York defeated Philadelphia Union, the team of German goalkeeper Kai Wagner.
Rolled Meat Tips & Tricks
I received here a week ago many great tips for the perfect goulash.
There was that at Christmas and it was incredibly delicious and creamy!
Thank you again for that :)
Now I have come to the taste and I want to cook rouladen for the first time on New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow I will set up a cow fund.
Do you have any other tips for me?
Note: I have no oven, but only a large pot.
How is it going now?
What is with the books or how can I get them back on my #PRS\_ORG#?
My English is not as good as it used to be, but I can still manage.
It's about a refund of €#NUMBER#
I was already informed by email on January 18th that the refund had been made.
But so far the money has not arrived with me.
Please check that.
Where there is still Christmas roast in the Lübeck area
For many people, goose or duck is an integral part of the Christmas season, like the Christmas tree and gifts.
Have you not yet bought any chicken?
Now time is running out.
We reveal to you where you can still get a Christmas ham in the Lübeck area.
The "drive" of a tube stage contributes significantly to the heat and oil content of the guitar amplifier sound.
These characteristics are perfectly implemented by the Valve Reactor circuit.
With the VOLUME-, GAIN- and MASTER VOLUME-controller, you can set the desired level and at the same time adjust the tension of your sounds.
Furthermore, the VT+ series amplifiers offer a unique POWER LEVEL controller that allows you to reduce the sound level without changing anything on the "Gain" and distortion.
Already above, one could hear that one can even make a performance reserve with the POWER LEVEL regulator, if it ever gets too loud.
Thanks to the POWER LEVEL regulators, the entire potential of the VT+ series can be utilized in any situation.
The headphone jack can also be used as a line output.
This signal is actually processed with a box simulation, so that you yourself get an "acoustic" sound impression even when using headphones or when recording directly.
You can connect a CD or MP3 player to the AUX port so that you can jam to your favorite songs.
A tuner function is also on board - you don't need a separate tuning device.
If you want to treat yourself to an additional VFS5 foot switch, you can comfortably call up the sounds by foot, switch the effect blocks on and off, and adjust the tempo of the compatible effects "tap".
For the live operation, this is actually indispensable.
With its new power packs, VOX is taking another step into the future!
Have you seen it like this with others?
Can you then send the lamp back to me?
Is it because it's too low for a dining table?
Also I would like to send them back.
Can you help me further?
And the wardrobe?
Can we receive another update on the exact delivery date in the next few weeks?
Hello, have you ever sat on the #PRS\_ORG# chairs?
If it doesn't work out, I would be satisfied with a legacy or gift certificate.
Under certain circumstances, I may find a buyer for the furniture.
Only 1,000 euros worth of goods that I don't need are a bit excessive.
I have just received my delivery and would like to know if screws are included as part of the delivery.
I would like to mount the #PRS_ORG# mirror (door) at the designated hinge.
This is not a satisfactory answer, and the waiting time has not been worth it.
Do you have a premium customer status?
Iran sees progress in talks over nuclear agreement
According to Iranian statements, progress is being made in the negotiations on the revival of the international nuclear agreement.
"Both sides are close to agreeing on the issues that should be on the agenda," said Ali Bagheri, Iran's chief negotiator, to the news agency IRNA on Sunday.
This is a "positive and important development," because at first there was no agreement even on the topics to be negotiated.
The agreement should prevent Iran from building nuclear weapons.
On Thursday, the Vienna talks aimed at reviving the agreement were continued after a break of almost a week.
Representatives of Iran, Germany, the United Kingdom, China, France, and Russia are participating in the negotiations.
A US delegation is also in Vienna on site, but only indirectly involved in the negotiations.
Thuringia overtakes Saxony - Free State now a Bundesland with the highest Corona incidence.
Thuringia has replaced Saxony and currently has the highest incidence rate in the country.
As the only federal state, the value is above the mark of 1000.
Thuringia is the only federal state that has exceeded the Corona incidence rate of 1000 on a Sunday.
The Robert Koch Institute reported a seven-day value of 1025 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants.
In Saxony, which last showed the highest incidence rate nationwide, the value was 990.5 on Sunday.
On Friday and Saturday, the incidence in Thuringia was slightly reduced, but still exceeded the value of 1000.
In Thuringia, within a day, 2242 new infections with the Sars-CoV-2 virus and 16 additional deaths related to an infection were reported.
200 severely ill COVID-19 patients were treated intensively in hospitals on Sunday.
On weekends, there may be delays in reporting.
Furthermore, the health authorities have been overburdened for weeks and are barely able to keep up with the registration of new cases.
I understand.
Since the delivery is not expected until early March, it may be possible by then.
I have to print it out and stick it on the package and give it to the post office, is that right or not?
Do I need to do anything else here?
Exactly what I want to avoid, that's why I'm writing to you.
Please let me know if you would like me to cover the return shipping costs.
8 euro return fee is in my eyes a rudeness.
It's time for changes
###Welcome to the Bundestag, I am u/StratorDE in the plenary hall in the heart of Europe on a fantastic day!
What is the post here for?
When one looks at the activity in the past months of the MBundestag, one can conclude: it is not existent.
We have come to a winter standstill and have extended the summer hole for a few months.
Where is the problem located?
Yes, what was the reason?
To a large extent, this is probably due to dissatisfaction with how things have gone here and how we generally feel uncomfortable.
In recent days, it has become increasingly clear that many people here are still very excited about the upcoming MBundestag.
#What we need to change
At this point, the community around the MBundestag is being asked whether they would like to keep this alive.
The spark came from u/edizVEVO, who in recent days has become aware of this project and found, simply put, a pile of broken pieces.
After some back-and-forth, several people from the community have been found who are interested in rebuilding the project.
However, I also want to expressly call on everyone to participate, only in this way can the project continue to exist in the future.
We have created a discussion platform in the form of a Discord server, on which we can exchange ourselves with each other, as well as work on concrete things.
You can access the server through this link.
Goals:
* How should the Bundestag function in the future?
* Which existing orders must be changed / adapted / removed?
* How should we appear to the outside world in the future?
* How should new members be recruited?
* How do we create a fair voting system?
I am pretty sure I have forgotten something, but it's not too bad, we have the Discord at the end.
If you have the desire and time, come to the Discord, work together and let us democratically decide on the future.
I have ordered a lamp shade from you that has not yet been delivered.
Now I see that the article is too large/clumsy for it and is not suitable for my taste.
For that, I have already ordered another suspension from you.
I combined it and noticed this when I took the soft foam.
Very sad about it.
I hope this will be returned and I will have a full refund.
This is also quite sad, as the #NAME# is much darker than expected.
I have one more question: does the day cover #PRS\_ORG# also come in a larger size, for example 240/240?
#PRS\_ORG# must be able to guarantee that the faulty cabinet will be collected promptly.
And I ask you to make it happen now.
I don't have an appropriate packaging, I will disassemble the closet as far as possible for pickup - they must clarify with #PRS\_ORG# how that can work.
#PRS\_ORG# can contact me by phone at any time to arrange a pickup time.
Is there an instruction manual for the assembly?
How long would I have had to arrange for this or decide on the return shipment?
How do you answer the question of why you are vegan?
Today, I had a conversation with a colleague that I enjoy.
You yourself have lived vegetarian for a while, and you currently eat meat very rarely.
I myself was also some years vegetarian before.
When asked if I have always wanted to be vegan and if vegetarianism was a planned intermediate step, I answered honestly without much thought.
And so, that I long thought that as a vegetarian I would support animal welfare, but eventually reflected and understood that I was ultimately supporting animal cruelty.
Therefore, my decision to become vegan.
In that moment, I had the impression that dissatisfaction had arisen on their side, they then defended vegetarianism and said they knew where their meat came from and as vegetarians, they would reduce animal suffering.
Now I wonder if my answer was too "plump"?
How do you answer the question?
I have the feeling that as a vegan one is quickly put into a corner and conflicts arise without one wanting it.
It greets a harmonious vegan (;
It is clear that this is not an exception under § 312d BGB.
Do not release your #PRS\_ORG# from the legal requirements for distance selling.
I am at the assigned date and time when #PRS\_ORG# does not pick up my return in person.
Since I cannot be present in person due to a funeral, unfortunately, this cannot be changed.
Can you please assign me an alternative pickup time?
Starting from 01.02.#NUMBER#, I will be available continuously.
Lahnsteiner Wehr for water rescue equipped: 45,000 euros subsidy from the state.
Recently, the Rhineland-Palatinate Interior Minister Roger Lewentz presented a funding decision of 45,000 euros for a new device car of the volunteer fire brigade Lahnstein at the Lahnstein town hall to Mayor Peter Labonte.
The total cost of the vehicle that has been in operation since November 2020 was 135,000 euros.
A good and important investment in security.
"I am pleased that the country of Rhineland-Palatinate supports us here," says Peter Labonte, the mayor of Lahnstein.
The device carrier is used by the Lahnstein diving team, one of seven units in Rhineland-Palatinate.
They fulfill tasks both on and under water in water and ice rescue as well as in technical assistance.
In Lahnstein, they permanently count on increasing deployments: The boom of hotel shipping on the Rhine and Moselle, as well as the further increasing use of the Lahn as a leisure river, contribute to this.
I bought a book that I could only read 10% of and then the problems started.
I can't open the book.
I followed her recommendations, but synchronizing, removing and reloading the app did not work.
I am a bit frustrated because the whole action has already cost me a lot of time and I now hope for help.
Okay, that's how it is.
I would like to order 3 articles from the collection of #PRS\_ORG# for June.
Can I enter a date in the order process?
According to the ANSI/PLATO FL1 Standard, the previously mentioned values in the Fenix Laboratory are measured at 21°C ± 3°C, 50% - 80% relative humidity and with the built-in 275mAh LiPo battery.
The values can vary depending on the pocket lamp used, age, and environment.
*: The burn duration in the stage Hell contains the burn duration with reduced brightness due to overheating protection.
2) Traders are responsible for customers.
Customers should contact the retailers or distributors where they purchased Fenix lights for warranty support with the 'Warranty Card' from Fenixlight Limited and either a commercial invoice or a receipt.
Fenix will provide our authorized dealers with the technology and parts necessary for the maintenance of our lights.
1) 15-day free replacement: Fenix replaces a new product within 15 days after purchase due to possible manufacturing defects, if problems occur during normal use.
We will replace it with the same model.
When the model is set up, customers receive a product with a similar or improved model.
2) Free Repair for 5 Years: Fenix offers a free repair for lamps within 5 years from the purchase date, if a problem occurs due to normal use.
Different warranty periods for different products:
Except for the products and accessories mentioned above, other products or free offers from Fenix are not covered by the product guarantee.
3) Limited lifetime warranty: For luminaires that have exceeded the free warranty period for repairs, we offer lifetime repairs, but charge a fee for parts.
The trader shares the cost of the part with the customer before the repair.
4) Guarantee Certificate: Customers demand customer service from Fenix dealers or dealers by presenting a filled-out Fenix guarantee certificate, a purchase receipt, or an invoice.
The distributor should offer services to the customer and Fenix will support these services.
5) The free warranty does not cover any damage or downtime caused by:
Any defects or damages caused by improper service, without being limited to the service that does not comply with the guarantee or the indications in the product specifications.
For instance, it is described in the product specification that the sealed head must not be disassembled, as this can damage the bag lamp and render the warranty invalid.
Any defects or damages that are attributable to other behavioral patterns cannot be adequately controlled by Fenix.
6) To make a warranty claim, please provide the following information to our warranty department: Name, Type / Model of the warranty object, Serial number.
Thank you first of all for standing up to the whole thing, I have also spent almost a decade in state service in a similar activity, i.e. we were also weapons carriers in the executive, furthermore, I do not want to go into it!
I always find the question of right and left oversimplified.
But generally, one should say that naturally, the state servant comes from the liberal to conservative spectrum and not from the revolutionary left, which should be clear to everyone.
It should be clear to everyone that people who are naturally attracted to conservative uniforms and weapon carriers should also be able to handle everyday reality, but of course, it's also clear that these people can have a hard time dealing with everyday reality, because you also have, besides the average white person, many Germans with migration backgrounds, women, and also homosexuals (and I mean now not the exaggerated stereotype of feminine gay men, but rather normal men and women whom you wouldn't notice if they didn't tell you), and on these people, I must rely, because in the end, they may save your life or set something up for you.
But even these peripheral groups also represent, according to my experience, a conservative attitude, i.e. they are proud of Germany and feel themselves less included by excessive left-wing politics, even though this politics supposedly fights for them or means to do them right, they just want to be treated normally.
Back to the rights, because of course the police and the armed forces are also a cross-section of society, and one will also find extreme right-wing views there, although they are not allowed to openly express their opinions or even openly plan any state-threatening plans. This is medially exaggerated and also annoys me.
Of course, it happens that even police officers and soldiers, who were often deployed abroad, start to generalize and say things that are controversial or even politically incorrect due to negative experiences.
It also happens that certain right-wing comrades meet who engage in a lively exchange of ideas.
But such things are still being combated in my opinion, and with political education and enlightenment, the whole thing is being counteracted!
Germany is so internationally entangled and that is also good in my opinion that we could not possibly have real racists and Nazis in our ranks!
Yes, what I don't understand is that the other basket I also ordered on the German side.
Why should this come from England?
When I ordered, it was not sold out.
I have already ordered in November.
But it was confirmed to me in your confirmation of the order.
It's still about my order that is no longer deliverable.
I have previously chatted with #NAME#.
Alternative, one could deliver the other #PRS\_ORG# basket for #NUMBER# euros in black to Germany or is this basket also available in Germany somewhere.
I always find you as a partner company.
but there are two deep grooves at the top of the wooden part that are filled with something yellow.
and on the mirror itself is a small scratch
Is it possible to have a regular period through childbirth?
Hello, I have been working on a thing for a longer time.
I am very disciplined and organized at work (I am self-employed, have very little free time), but since my whole life I have been having more trouble than I would like to keep my household permanently clean and tidy.
There are always phases in which everything stays, and sometimes it catches me and I tidy up and clean.
But it is actually never so that someone could spontaneously drop by.
My husband is (unfortunately) not better either, it bothers me somewhere, but mostly he just loses the household against work and laziness.
The kitchen is regularly cleaned because we like to cook.
Now to my question, have you managed to become orderly with your child?
We haven't got any yet, but we are working on it and this question has been occupying me for a longer time.
Because for me, I have no motivation, it just doesn't bother me as much, as long as no visitors come and, for example, there is always fresh clothing available and the kitchen is usable.
Should one have a greater incentive with children or remain lazy?
I am looking forward to your answers.
An exclusive, new, and qualitatively high-end cut, offering maximum comfort, a perfect fit, and enabling almost unrestricted freedom of movement.
Pre-shaping with special, further molding at the joints for improved range of motion (in arm and knee bending)
For the Focea Comfort 4, the covered area by the Flex System 2 was more than doubled to further increase comfort.
Seamless stretch panels at the joints reduce friction (shoulders, arm and knee bends)
High-quality pre-formations in the lower back and step ensure a tight, perfect fit.
The Elaskin 8.8 Stretch-Panel in the lumbar area increases flexibility around the back closure and improves comfort, especially when bending and when mounting and attaching equipment to the surface.
The Free Flex Zone, which is located around the shoulders and back, guarantees increased flexibility in movements of the arms and back.
Fireskin is a warm, water-repellent material with a special surface structure that offers a high degree of cold protection.
Positioned on the chest, it brings warmth to a sensitive area of the body.
Continuous, thin (-2 mm) sealing at the face on the helmet increases comfort, sealing, and durability (separate headgear)
The collar-mounted zone improves sealing with a fine-adjustable spacing by a flexible, gentle adhesive closure that does not adhere to the embroidery or at the seams.
Double cuffs with zipper closure at arm and foot joints connect an adjustable inner cuff with a soft, quilted neoprene outer cuff.
45° Injection molding at the end of the inner sleeve for increased elasticity and durability when pulling.
Long zipper at the neck with an elastic reinforcement, for an anatomical cut with increased comfort overall without a hat.
Long G-Lock P back zip with metal slider and integrated water dam system for improved sealing (Beuchat Patent)
Zippers on arms and legs
Neoprene reinforcements at all ends of the zippers to prevent tearing when excessive force is applied.
Neoprene panels bonded with outer and inner overlap
Edges of the outer sleeves reinforced for greater load-bearing capacity.
Corners of the inner cuffs embroidered for increased flexibility.
The original Beuchat System was designed to fix the computer at its place, especially at deeper diving depths (the system is compatible with all common wrist computers).
Career in social work - as someone with a self-unconfident personality disorder?
I have completed an apprenticeship in the field of software development and have been working as a software developer for about a year now.
Unfortunately, I am realizing more and more that this profession is not the right one for me, which is why I have been contemplating starting over and studying social work for a long time.
The problem: I have a self-unconfident (or anxiously avoidant) personality disorder (ÄVPS).
That roughly means that I have no self-worth and therefore I am shy.
I have no problem talking to people on a factual level, but it is very difficult for me to have casual conversations and I have been told many times that I come across as unapproachable (which I believe has improved somewhat).
Can I become a social worker?
I don't want to work as a street worker or in an open youth center, I would rather work in areas such as addiction counseling or family support.
But I don't know if the concrete working day is really like I imagine it, and it's difficult to find something on the internet.
The ÄVPS is already causing problems for me in my job (emotionally) because it always pulls me down when there is something to criticize in my code ("again, just the simplest things are screwed up") and it makes it difficult for me to ask for help from more experienced colleagues ("I should already know how to do it by now"/"I'm holding him back with my stupid questions"/"he must think I'm underqualified" etc.).
I will probably have problems in any profession, but I wanted to mention it at this point.
Have you already received the sofa?
Because there was no confirmation for that.
I am waiting for a pickup appointment.
Please return what you mean!
If I download a book from the #PRS_ORG#, the message "Your #PRS_ORG# authorized this book" does not appear.
Is there a problem there?
I was in a chat with #PRS\_ORG#, who asked me if I had received a delivery confirmation for my wardrobe.
The protein (Eiweiß) taken up with the food is broken down by the bird into its individual amino acids in the digestive tract. The bird then uses these amino acids to build its own body proteins, which it also needs for feather formation.
The feather formation in nestlings and the feather regeneration in moulting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high demand for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during the breeding season, as it may cause disruptions to the breeding process.
After this short-term use of NEKTON-Bio, it should be switched back to daily vitamin intake with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral supplement).
The protein (Eiweiß) taken up with the food is broken down by the bird into its individual amino acids in the digestive tract. From these, the bird builds up its own body proteins, which it also needs for feather formation.
The feather formation in nestlings and the feather regeneration in moulting birds are extremely complex processes and are associated with a particularly high demand for the entire organism of the animal.
Please note that NEKTON-Bio should not be administered during the breeding season, as it may cause disruptions to the breeding process.
After this short-term use of NEKTON-Bio, it should be switched back to daily vitamin intake with NEKTON-S (multivitamin preparation) and NEKTON-MSA (mineral supplement).
1 gram NEKTON-Bio on 250 milliliters of water or 100 grams of soft food.
It is recommended to prepare only as much drinking water/soft food as the bird consumes daily and to change water/food daily.
A brushed teaspoon (enclosed) corresponds to 1 g NEKTON-Bio.
For severe feather damage, the double or triple dose of NEKTON-Bio can be given at the beginning until the onset of feather regeneration is visible.
Then the normal dose is administered until the feather regeneration is fully completed.
Storage: NEKTON-Bio should be stored dry without sunlight, between 15°C and 25°C.
Please excuse me, but the chair is sold as an office chair.
How can a desk chair break down after 9 months?
The warranty claims in Germany are 24 months.
This is truly very poor service.
Hello, I sent an email on Monday to share that my order was damaged when it arrived and attached pictures.
Have you received this email?
Statement of a community member in opposition to the bylaws
Hello r/LegaladviceGerman,
I have the following problem.
A walnut tree should be felled on our property.
Also filed an application with the community.
An employee writes to me that the felling of fruit trees and thus also the walnut is not part of the statutes.
But in the statutes, the walnut is explicitly mentioned as a protected tree.
Can I now rely on the statement of the employee or not?
On the one hand, I must be able to rely on an expert opinion.
On the other hand, the statutes are clear.
Thank you for your answers.
We understand.
Then we will use the new packaging for it.
I have not received any message
Well, then I still have a sofa without use.
Could you then offer me a legacy or a gift voucher?
What were they more expensive?
Yes, I believe that, the question is whether I can pay in euros and have the roof delivered to Germany.
Can you check it?
Urgent Report: Serious Traffic Accident in Selb
Recently, a serious traffic accident occurred on the St 2179 between the exit Selb-North and Plößberg.
As currently reported by the police press alarm (14:03 p.m.), a car came onto the wrong side of the road while overtaking.
There are injured people.
Okay, I understand.
Great, then thank you again that it went so smoothly!
Advice and ideas for further professional life
First of all, happy Christmas to you!
Unfortunately, my Christmas is only moderately good because my dear head is currently thinking about everything that can be thought about.
Before I go on here now .. briefly: I need advice and the best from people who somehow know my situation - so from you.
I am currently working on the ref as a newcomer.
Originally, I studied something else and worked in that area (at least a little bit anonymously, I don't want to mention anything more specific here).
But the whole thing was then too boring for me and I looked for alternatives that could give me more fun.
At some point, I ended up in teaching and was sure that's what I wanted to do - even though the working conditions are significantly less flexible than in my previous career, but that didn't matter to me.
I have now reached the third "I Google other job postings" stage.
And it's only been half a year.
When it comes to painting, I always decide to continue and at least finish the ref, after that I can still turn around.
But I am absolutely finished.
I had so little free time last month that I am completely exhausted.
Although it is now summer vacation, there is still a lot of work waiting for me.
Before the ref, I always thought I was stress-resistant, but then my weekend was also my weekend and my holiday was my holiday.
There I had freedom.
And the stress at work was irrelevant in those moments.
Now the family celebration is too much stress for me.
And then there are these rigid structures that additionally irritate me.
Generally it's fun and from the outside it looks like it's running well, what concerns feedback.
But I am completely exhausted and I wonder how much stress my body can withstand before it completely shuts down - if it hasn't already.
I wonder if I want to have it the rest of my working life - especially when I read some contributions from you here - or whether I should go back to the old area where I was valued, had free time when I needed it, and found the work somewhat boring but was adequately paid and worked together as a team rather than as a lone fighter like it is most of the time now.
But then I wonder if I won't be back at the same place next year feeling just as unfulfilled as I do now.
You can tell it's all a bit confusing, but perhaps you, as outsiders, can offer some advice or ideas on how I can get out of this situation where I am completely finished and start crying at the mere thought of it.
I won't be making any decisions right now, as I am feeling very emotional, which is likely to lead to nothing good.
But perhaps your views can help me at least a little to see some light at the end of the tunnel - or to enjoy Christmas, which is enough for me for now.
Thank you for reading and excuse the whiny tone from me.
I hope my situation has at least become a little clearer.
Since its introduction in 2001, the Valvetronix series from VOX has constantly evolved, which among other things has led to the combination of advanced modeling technology with the "Valve Reactor" circuit, which perfectly imitates the behavior of a tube amplifier.
With the VT20X/VT40X/VT100X Amps, we are presenting a brand new modeling engine that is absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of sound.
Thanks to the VET (Virtual Element Technology) based on the analysis of components and amp circuits, the VTX amplifiers wait with an authenticity that is absolutely impressive.
Of course, these amps also contain the multi-stage Valvetronix tube preamplifier.
This partly relies on genuine analog circuits because these capture the sound variations and nuances of a tube amplifier better than any simulation.
In addition to this sophisticated circuitry, the VTX amplifiers offer a closed housing and a bass reflex system, from which the natural resonances just burst.
With the "Tone Room" software from VOX, you can even correct and bend historical facts on the virtual level, so that the amp and effects sound exactly as you have always imagined it.
The perfect combination of tube sound with modeling technology is mainly due to the VOX Valve Reactor technology introduced in 2001.
Of course, it has been further refined since then to meet the new sound requirements, which again led to a performance boost of the VOX Valvetronix series in 2010 - with more dynamics as well as numerous and significantly improved amplifier models.
From the handy VT20+ to the VT120+ with two speakers, the new VT+ Valvetronix series was designed in such a way that all guitarists looking for maximum sound diversity will find what they're looking for here.
All guitarists dream of the pressure and dynamics of a tube amplifier: they expect a fat sound, nuanced reproduction of playing dynamics and string attack, as well as prompt response.
During an in-depth analysis, VOX engineers discovered that the final stage determines the tube-like character of an amplifier and, based on this finding, developed the VOX Valve Reactor technology.
The Valve Reactor circuit of each VT+ amplifier perfectly reproduces the behavior, subtle nuances, and sound character of a tube amplifier.
NBA: Despite 20 points from Wagner, the Magic lose to the Clippers.
The losing streak series of the Orlando Magic in the NBA continues.
The Wagner brothers can shine - but it's not enough to win against the Los Angeles Clippers.
Despite 20 points from Franz Wagner and seven from his older brother Moritz, the Magic lost 104-106 to the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday.
The large main compartment is also highly adaptable: with three individually adjustable and foldable Velcro closure parts, it adapts entirely to the needs of your photo equipment and is therefore suitable for all types of cameras - from mirrorless systems of all sizes to full-format reflex cameras.
What ultimately fits in the backpack depends, of course, on the size of the camera and the lens.
A possible equipment could be a DSLR camera with an attached lens, two to three interchangeable lenses, and a flash unit that can be mounted on top.
Larger DSLM cameras like the various models of the Sony a7 series or a Fujifilm X-T2 still have room for additional lenses.
Furthermore, you can also store a lot of accessories.
And if you have a small DSLM camera (MFT cameras from Olympus, Fujifilm X-A or E-series), you can use the backpack for your equipment and for non-photographic items.
The Everyday Backpack 20L is also a great choice for drone pilots, as it offers enough space for a DJI Mavic Pro including remote control and accessories.
Volcanic eruption on La Palma: longest in history
In the three months since the eruption began, the lava flows on the Canary Island have caused great damage.
Is an end in sight?
The volcanic eruption on La Palma has been ongoing for 85 days since Sunday, making it the longest in the known history of the Spanish Canary Island.
Until now, the eruption of the volcano Tehuya in 1585 with 84 days was considered the longest on the Atlantic island off the west coast of Africa.
There are no reliable data on previous outbreaks.
The activity of the still unnamed volcano on the Cumbre Vieja has decreased somewhat in recent days, but volcanologists dared not make any predictions as to when it might end.
The indicators point to a slowdown.
"The best news is that they are stable," said Mariano Hernández Zapata, president of the island council, to the state TV broadcaster RTVE.
Damages in millions
In the three months since the eruption began, more than 1,000 degree hot lava has destroyed almost 2,900 homes and other buildings, as reported by RTVE.
Almost 1200 hectares were covered by a meter-thick layer of lava.
That's almost equivalent to 1700 football fields.
More than 7,000 residents had to be evacuated, and the damage is estimated to be over 900 million euros.
Two new land masses were formed off the coast, with a combined area of approximately 50 hectares, created by cooled lava.
The banana cultivation on the island was particularly affected, which accounts for about half of the approximately 85,000 inhabitants and was already in crisis before the volcanic eruption.
According to the newspaper "El País", 225 hectares of banana plantations were destroyed, and other areas were severely affected.
Christmas and gifts
Christmas is at the door and especially the children will hardly be able to wait for the heavenly festival.
The many colorful gifts under the Christmas tree have a seductive quality combined with the spiritual atmosphere and the crackling tension.
Christmas belongs to the few traditional occasions that still hold our increasingly divided society together.
The more important it is to become conscious of the Christmas tradition of giving, so that the gesture of giving, which according to the French sociologist and ethnologist Marcel Mauss is a "society-binding contract of natural peoples," can escape the rigid routine and be filled with life in the context of this tradition.
How Nicholas became the Christ Child
Strictly speaking, it were the Protestants who linked the Christmas days with the giving of gifts.
Previously, on St. Nicholas' Day, gifts were exchanged in one form or another.
The background to this still popular custom is that Saint Nicholas, as bishop of Myra, threw gold into the windows of three women at night to save them from a life of sin.
This unconventional way of giving gifts gave rise to the popular custom in Germany of filling children's boots with presents.
Protestants objected to this custom because they reject the idea of mediators between God and humans as "holy worship".
For these reasons, they resist the institution.
Martin Luther transformed Saint Nicholas into the Christ Child and thereby established a new tradition.
The focus of the gift shifted to Christmas Eve.
Since most Protestants no longer see such details so strictly, it only annoys the fewest people that the custom of Saint Nicholas, like the Martin's custom with Martin's singing and Martin's procession, is still a firm part of the pre-Christmas season.
Today one finds in front of the door and under the Christmas tree from socks to coveted luxury watches everything that the heart desires.
Diversity of traditions in Christian countries
Sources confirm a tradition of giving since the 13th century on the day of Saint Nicholas.
With the Reformation, the day of giving shifted to Christmas Eve.
However, in all Christian countries, there is a joyful confusion about the question of who will bring the gifts to the children.
In Germany, it depends on the respective region whether the Christkind appears on Christmas Eve or the Weihnachtsmann, who in principle is an Santa Claus-like figure, to whom some unique characteristics have been assigned over time.
Examples include his white beard, which has little in common with the more severe Assyrian beard of the historical figure, his sled pulled by reindeer, and the preference for the chimney to gain access to the houses.
In the Netherlands, Saint Nicholas remains the central figure on Christmas.
In Spain, the Three Wise Men give gifts, while in Italy, the witch Befana is said to have shown them the way to the baby Jesus.
In Scandinavia, sometimes fabled beings bring gifts, while in Russia it brought considerable fame to Father Frost.
Here are not reindeer, but three horses pulling a sleigh.
In the Czech Republic, the homeland of the Reformation during the Hussite Wars, the Christkind is responsible for the delivery of gifts.
I have been receiving this error message for 3 weeks when trying to download a new book: "Error: Insufficient funds. Please check your account balance and try again." However, my account and contact details are up to date.
...
Otherwise, I'll buy another e-book from #PRS_ORG#.
I have been trying to get a return shipping label for my order #NUMBER# for the past week and today morning.
I was told that something will be sent to me.
Since I haven't received any yet (not even in the SPAM folder), I now want to ask how long this usually takes.
Thank you very much.
Police shot a suspected bank robber near the Royal Palace.
Near the Kensington Palace in London, an armed man was shot by the police on Saturday.
The police announced that callers had reported a man with a weapon entering a bank and a bookmaker's business.
The man fled according to official statements in a vehicle that was stopped shortly thereafter by police.
There were shots fired and the man was hit.
He was still at the crime scene when he was declared dead.
The police did not assume a terrorist background.
There are several messages located in the area around the Kensington Palace.
The Palace is the official London residence of Prince William, his wife Catherine, and their three children.
Other members of the royal family also live there.
What then?
No matter where I click, I will be immediately redirected to your site.
The decorative light fits harmoniously into any bed, garden area or stone garden.
The lamp can be simply placed and can be anchored with 2 earth spikes in the ground.
An integrated and powerful 0.4 Watt solar module for optimal charging of the built-in battery.
Maximum brightness duration of 10 hours.
- The robust plastic delivery is usable all year round in the outdoor area.
In the Hollywood spectacle, it is usually threatening objects from distant galaxies that glow internally with different colors.
On the other hand, "Smart Stone" is completely harmless: The sun ensures that this solar lamp shines fascinatingly - either in white or colorful light (in six different color tones).
The angular, amorphous design is deliberately chosen: Like a large, naturally shaped pebble, this modern light object presents itself during the day.
His organic curves fit into any natural environment – whether on the edge of the terrace, in the grass or in the stone garden.
He also makes himself at home in the neighborhood of larger pebbles and boulders, where he can assert himself thanks to his size.
You can save a lot of work: As a solar lamp, "Smart Stone" does not require any wiring or batteries.
Set the "Leuchtstein" at any place that is sunny during the day.
Two included earth spikes provide a secure hold when needed.
The matt white plastic hull itself is robust and weatherproof.
His solar module hides a "Smart Stone" discreetly inside, along with his battery and two LEDs - one for white light, the other for colored light.
The battery is already charging when sunlight falls on the housing.
"Smart Stone" starts to glow automatically as twilight sets in; in which color, that's up to you: You have six attractive light colors to choose from - besides white for daylight.
The shutdown also occurs automatically as soon as the battery charge level drops to a predetermined minimum or it gets bright again.
As soon as the sun comes out, the charging cycle starts the next day from the beginning.
I have already done it several times, it doesn't work.
Sorry, I would have liked to order more from you, but if the discount coupon is not applied, then I will not order again out of principle.
If you think about it differently, please let me know.
Otherwise, it would have been the last contact today.
Then please send me the number for the sideboard.
During the lockdown, of course, no hardware store has opened...
The motor control of the LokSound 5 has been further improved fundamentally.
A variable adjustable PWM frequency from 10kHz to 50kHz ensures a super-quiet operation, especially with bell-crank motors - the typical "humming" belongs to the past.
The load regulation can now be adapted to difficult cases up to 10 CVs.
The unique "Autotune" function enables automatic measurement of the decoder at the motor.
The LokSound 5 Decoder delivers up to 1.5A motor current, even for older motors.
- Please use the eBay shopping cart, so that the shipping costs are correctly combined.
- You will receive an email with the tracking number for the shipment.
- You will receive an invoice with VAT included from the retailer for every new purchase.
- we usually process your order or request within 24 hours on weekdays.
Pill problem
We thank God for family,
I hope I'm doing everything right, it's actually my first post after a year.
To my problem: I have been forced to start taking the pill again about five years ago, mainly because I had such terrible cramps during my period and PMS before my period.
Now I would like to stay, because I already take too many medications that I cannot choose for myself due to chronic illnesses.
My main problem, surprisingly not the pains, but my skin.
I had explosive acne during my last approximately two-year break from 0 to 100 and these were everywhere.
As superficial as it may seem, it has really bothered me and I didn't feel well.
In the two years of pause, nothing has really normalized.
Maybe someone has some tips on how to avoid this this time.
My cosmetics are already fragrance-free and without any dyes, but perhaps someone can recommend something to me.
Unfortunately, the gynecologist did not take me seriously and the dermatologist appointment is still to come.
Thank you very much to everyone who has read the novel!
Yes, the love for the skin is such a thing.
Had terrible neurodermatitis, then a period of rest, then widespread knotty pimples and the acne topic.
I have also tried various forms of nutrition during my Christian illness, and I have remained on a sugar-free, milk-free, and meat-free mixed diet because nothing else seemed to work properly.
It can also be good that hormonally there is a worm in there, but if you want to build everywhere like I do, it's better not to look for it anymore, otherwise it can go wrong.
I had already everything of her colleague semina o. ä.
I have written this and now I have lost the conversation and do not know what was answered to my request.
I have to work in between and suddenly everything was gone on the phone...
What is there to test, if the money were there, I would have seen it.
Please check my bank details, maybe there was something wrong
but is there generally in large?
because he is already available in black.
The Zappiti 4K HDR Series – The Ultimate Movie Experience of All Time!
Zappiti designs and produces high-quality video management systems; for excellent image quality, outstanding performance, and optimal user friendliness.
All Zappiti products are designed to provide you with a comfortable and intuitive access to your entire film library in stunning 4K high-definition resolution.
The award-winning Zappiti Players are successfully deployed worldwide to enhance the movie experience, both in private homes and in commercial environments.
The Zappiti Neo supports most digital audio and video formats, including the latest 4K HDR standards such as Dolby Vision and HDR10+, almost all current video file formats, complete BD/UHD menus, HEVC video codec with a billion colors (10-bit color coding), VP-9, 3D video standards with 3D subtitles, high-resolution audio formats such as DSD, FLAC, ALAC, and MQA, and features a wide, solid housing, two HDMI outputs, 4K 60p, Dolby Atmos, and DTS: X for the best home cinema experience.
The combination of Zappiti Magic Pixel V3 and VS10 video processing offers an outstanding image quality - far better than previous generations - with improved dynamic range, more precise color representation, increased contrast, solid deinterlacing, and better upscaling (up to 4K resolution).
Even on a Full HD 1080p TV or a front projector, you will be amazed by the image quality of your display!
3D also offers better depth of image and an impressive, immersive effect.
Some Android apps are not suitable for use with a remote control.
In this case, use a connected computer mouse or an AirMouse (not included in the delivery).
Network Replay: Special network optimization that ensures better performance when playing back media files over the local network, regardless of the type of media, by using SMB protocol (including HEVC UHD files) over Gigabit Ethernet or Ethernet 10/100.
Universal RC: Seamless Integration in Smart Home Installations using pre-built Control4 drivers, RTI drivers, Elan drivers, Crestron IP codes, Savant, ProControl, Logitech, URC, Pronto, and general IP codes.
It doesn't help much, as I have been waiting since September.
Nothing is working now.
My account seems to be blocked and the language is English.
Also compatible with all printers that use the above-mentioned products according to the manufacturer or user manual.
Over 10 years of experience as a specialist dealer in toner production.
All the company and brand names as well as the mentioned types of goods are the property of the respective legitimate manufacturers and rights holders.
Your mention is only intended for orientation and identification of the compatibility of the goods.
These are not original products of the respective printer manufacturers, but compatible products.
What coupons?
I didn't receive my coupon at the last order!
In the name of the people: laymen pass judgement
They sit in everyday clothes on the judge's bench in the kitchen.
But their verdict depends a lot on it, even if they don't wear a robe: lay judges decide with professional judges whether and for how long someone goes to jail.
Two of them report in a conversation with the "Public" about their time at the Bad Kreuznacher Landgericht: Sascha Wickert from Boos and Ruth Ertz from Bad Kreuznach are two of a total of 125 lay judges at the Landgericht at John-F.-Kennedy-Straße.
Hello, unfortunately I cannot access the customer account.
Could you please send the invoice for order number #NUMBER# to the email address above once?
Can we dispose of the packaging material?
We don't have the possibility to store it for so long.
We would use the table as if it were ours, as if it were offered to us.
Sure, I had already ordered the same chair in blue in November. I also received it, so I would like to order another one in gray now because they are so beautiful.
Must the shelf be completely disassembled for pickup and return?
And when would the pickup be?
New 110 kV earth cable to be built in 2022
The approval for the relocation of the new high-voltage cable at Tann is legally valid.
The decision of the Bavarian government to approve the plan makes the way for the construction to begin in 2022.
The network operator Bayernwerk has now shared this.
The approximately seven-kilometer long underground cable will connect the transformer station Tann in the northern part of the community and the existing 110-kilovolt line between Simbach and Pfarrkirchen.
The cable will be connected to a mast of the overhead line near the village of Edermanning near Reut.
Good morning.
My order from January 3, 2021 with the order number #NUMBER# has so far only arrived in part at our company.
The blue delivery number #PRS_ORG# with the order number #NUMBER# was returned by #PRS_ORG# with the note "Delivery not possible".
All three other packages have arrived, so delivery is definitely possible.
Can you tell me how the next step is now?
A beautiful start to the week!
You can forget that, I have already explained it several times yesterday!
This is a glass commode, and all the sides are inflated, so there is glass everywhere, and the cardboard is broken.
The wardrobe stands in my apartment and #PRS\_ORG# refuses to come into the apartment due to #PRS\_ORG# regulations.
That means that the wardrobe cannot be taken away because no one is allowed to enter my apartment.
Thank you for the message
but why only 20 EUR?
The original value of this chair was #NUMBER# EUR.
No, it is the case with all books, therefore the question at #PRS_ORG#, as it may be a general problem.
Ref: Planning Instruction (EK)
Hello dear colleagues,
I have been in the Ref since summer, and I enjoy teaching, but I currently have big problems with time-efficient planning of my geography lessons.
Unfortunately, my school is not technically well-equipped, so I basically only use the blackboard, the schoolbook, and an OHP as media.
In school, I can only copy in black and white for free (which is annoying for geography).
I currently need a lot of time to plan my hours.
For example, we are currently discussing the topic of geofactors, and at my company, each hour stands for itself.
In principle, the methods are always repeated, but on the other hand, I also don't want to invest too much time in simple teaching hours (I also need that time for UBs, etc.).
When I plan, I usually start from the learning goal (what do I want to achieve) and then think about how to build it (usually I create a worksheet with texts from books that my school doesn't have).
We have the book Terra and with most of the tasks in the book, I am rather dissatisfied.
Therefore also the work permits.
Maybe a geography teacher can teach me how to work efficiently with the book.
Would really appreciate it.
I would like to return the #PRS\_ORG# from order #NUMBER#.
I have actually already decided on a new one at #PRS\_ORG#, but I would like to process the return as quickly as possible first.
The trade is worried about the 2G regulation for Christmas business.
Only those who have been vaccinated or have recovered from COVID-19 are allowed into most stores.
The trade considers it unnecessary and complains about sales declines.
He also has a possible solution ready.
According to the German Retail Association (HDE), the 2G rules damage the important Christmas trade for retailers.
The head of the HDE, Stefan Genth, criticized the fact that businesses with articles of non-daily needs should report sales declines.
According to a current survey of the HDE among 1,100 retailers, more than 70% of the companies looked negatively on the remaining days of the year.
Many had already written off the Christmas business.
"What was actually supposed to be the positive peak of the year is now often just a hole without any ground," said Genth.
According to the latest data, traders with 2G access restrictions lost almost a third of their pre-crisis sales in the past week.
It's going well only in the food retail trade and online.
The association called for consequences from the dramatic development.
The purchase with mask, distance and hygiene concept is a safe matter, said the managing director.
"2G shopping brings us no further in the fight against the pandemic," he emphasized.
The current regulations scared off customers and required a high personnel deployment.
He demanded that the bracelet rule be approved nationwide.
After that, each customer should only be checked once on 2G (vaccinated or recovered) and should have access to all businesses with the wristband received on that day.
Furthermore, in retail - as already in public transport with the 3G rule (vaccinated, recovered or tested) - spot checks should be sufficient.
Even the real estate company specializing in shopping centers, Deutsche Euroshop, spoke of a difficult Christmas business.
The frequencies were last without 2G at around 75% of the pre-Corona levels, the turnovers at approximately 90%.
"These numbers will now fall securely in the middle of the important Christmas business," said CEO Wilhelm Wellner to the "Wirtschaftswoche".
Due to the high personnel and administrative effort, solutions will be sought and approvals obtained for the centers.
The so-called "bracelet solution" is part of it, where "visitors, for example, once present their 2G proof at a central location in the center and then - equipped with a bracelet similar to that in a club hotel - can enter all shops unrestricted." dpa
I recently ordered and received the #PRS\_ORG#.
The Spiegel has a scratch and there is also an error at the frame that was attempted to be covered up with a yellow filler.
It looks ugly.
I would like to return the mirror and have already packed it back into the package and sealed it.
How must I proceed for the return now?
The lamp is designed for Dual-Balance construction based on new, flat SMD LEDs with high power and high color rendering.
For setting the color temperature and brightness of the lamp, a modern microprocessor with extraordinary capabilities is used.
Besides adjusting the brightness, there are two standard color temperatures: daylight and artificial light.
It is also possible to manually set and save the color temperature in the range of 3100-5650K.
Use the current settings in the Flash memory.
A special feature of the controller is that it is simple and intuitively usable.
The lamp generates a very high light flow with soft light of high quality, completely free of flicker.
The illumination angle of 120 degrees, with which you can illuminate large areas at a relatively small distance is excellent.
Also, even in reporter situations in small rooms or short distances.
You can adjust the brightness practically without changing the color temperature.
It is a great tool to work with, either on the film set or in the studio.
The optional DMX512 controller allows for the remote control of the light in television studios or when the light is mounted in hard-to-reach places.
On the back of the lamp is the control panel, consisting of buttons and a glowing display.
The display shows the current brightness setting in percent and the current color temperature in Kelvin.
The slot for the NP-F batteries (not included in the delivery) is still there.
User memory The memory has up to three panel settings for brightness and color temperature.
To execute the settings of the individual settings on the storage devices, simply press one of the storage keys longer and it is done.
The storage controller saves the current state of the lamp when it is turned off, so that when new devices are switched on, the known situation is restored - very practical in studio work when, for example, the camera is set to specific color temperatures.
One of the greatest strengths of the DL3120 functionality is the ability to operate with inexpensive NP-F batteries.
These are often already in the possession of photographers and cameramen (and women) - so you can rely on existing equipment.
The DL3120 can also check before setting whether the batteries have sufficient performance - it is a battery tester built in - for each of the two battery compartments a value in the two display indicators (the left battery compartment upper indicator, the right one on the lower indicator).
Of course, it is also possible to continuously supply the headlight with power through the included power supply.
The construction of the spotlight is very simple.
You have a 16mm thread for attachment, so you can attach it directly to your tripod.
The inclination is reliably settable using adjusting screws on both sides.
It was important that the mechanical components are also of extremely high quality and therefore also designed for durability and hard use.
Additionally, a knee joint is included in the delivery.
Great, the delivery also includes a bag.
So you can transport or store the lamp with all the accessories you may want to buy without any problems.
Oh no, I got this one as a gift and it's too small :(
"Party, that we wanted to throw": Frankfurt celebrates after a torrid comeback against Leverkusen
What a spectacular reaction from Eintracht Frankfurt.
After 22 minutes, the last two times losing in a row, the Hesse team seemed to be on their way to the next Bundesliga disaster.
But then the SGE turned around, shot off the frustration from a mediocre season start within an hour and won furiously with 5:2. "It's crazy what the guys have achieved today," jubilated coach Oliver Glasner to DAZN and spoke a "general compliment, to everyone who was there," out.
Initially, it looked like another damper for the Frankfurt, which was still ranked ninth and was not meeting expectations.
Patrik Schick had put Bayer Leverkusen in the lead with 2:0.
What then happened, even impressed the SGE trainer.
"As the players then returned and showed a fantastic performance," Glasner continued.
I am absolutely delighted with the performance we have shown and, of course, with the result.
Even defender Christopher Lenz, who was able to return to the field for the first time since the fourth game and his overcame muscle injury, emphasized the morale of his teammates.
"I think our mentality is incredibly big," said the 27-year-old and enjoyed a look at the result, especially for the spectators.
That was the party we wanted to throw today.
But Glasner wants to keep the focus on himself for the upcoming tasks, and he sees himself as being well-positioned in terms of personnel.
It is exceptional that all players are fit in December and that all players are physically in top condition.
It is top work in our medical department, but the players also live highly professionally.
Now one wants to "proceed step by step and remain humble" and to complete the tasks until the end of the year "at this level".
The next game in the English week is already scheduled for Wednesday, as part of the away match against Borussia Mönchengladbach (8:30 PM, Sky).
I will receive the mail that my package, due to an error on my part, is being returned to you.
I tried to call #PRS\_ORG# and have it redirected, no chance.
Can it be sent directly to me again or do I have to wait until the money is refunded and the order is resubmitted?
Unfortunately, for me it would mean that I wouldn't order anymore because it has already taken a very long time.
Have you ever sat on the #PRS\_ORG# chairs?
Muffler for handball women before the quarterfinals against Spain
Germany's handball women's team slid off the court with hanging heads and empty looks after their humiliating defeat against Denmark.
To conclude the main round of the WM, the DHB selection suffered a heavy defeat with a score of 16:32 (8:13) in front of 800 spectators in Granollers and must now run against the host country Spain in the quarterfinals.
"We were much too timid and had too much respect for the opponent," concluded national coach Henk Groener.
We must act differently against Spain.
After the first defeat in the tournament, Germany finished the main round group III with 8:2 points as the second-placed team behind the Danish (10:0).
It's a shame that we couldn't take the flow with us.
"That was a bad game from everyone, and we need to get rid of it," said Captain Emily Bölk.
In the fight for entry into the semi-finals, a significant improvement must be achieved on the coming Tuesday against the 2019 World Cup runner-up to keep the delicate dream of the first medal since 2007 alive.
The best German thrower in the duel with the three-time Olympic champion Denmark was backcourt player Alina Grijseels with six goals.
"We were simply not there - neither in attack, nor in defense," midfielder Xenia Smits admitted and demanded: "We must now quickly look ahead."
Not up to par from front to back
Unlike in the previous five tournament games, the German team was not at its best at the start of the game.
Mistakes and technical errors in attack and gaps in defense were responsible for a quick 0:4 deficit after seven minutes.
Only goalkeeper Dinah Eckerle was immediately on full temperature and prevented with some parades worse.
The first goal was scored by the DHB team after 9:30 minutes, when Grijseels completed a quick counterattack successfully.
However, the hoped-for ignition did not occur.
Against the aggressive defense of the Danish women, the German women could hardly get into the game - and when they did, they mostly failed against the strong Althea Reinhardt in the goal of the Scandinavian women.
The game ended prematurely at 3:10 after 20 minutes due to an early start, as well as a hard foul by Mia Zschocke on her opponent, which resulted in a yellow card for her.
But she can participt again in the quarterfinals.
Only in the final phase of the first half did the DHB selection start to play better and at least reached five goals before the break.
The already quiet hope for a comeback after the change was already gone at seven minutes past nine.
The Green-backed shooters again sinned in all areas and made it easy for the well-prepared opponent who counts among the medal candidates at the end of the season.
In the following game, the German team was unable to perform at a higher level and was clearly defeated on the court.
DACH Advent Calendar Day 6: Family Traditions during the Christmas Season
As part of the Reddit Advent calendar, we have captured St. Nicholas Day and are using it as an opportunity to dedicate ourselves to family traditions during the pre-Christmas season, Advent, St. Nicholas, Christmas Eve, and the Christmas holidays.
How was it then at home with you?
How about your partner?
Do you want to pass on your traditions to your children?
What is the best thing for children?
What is "Stiefelputzen"?
Plätzchen baking?
Decorate the tree?
Will you play music?
Will Santa Claus come, or is the gift from Oma and Opa?
No matter how you do it, everyone gives themselves and around Christmas, it's hard to have a good time as a family.
Whether it's now fixed traditions, or even something different every year: tell us how it goes or has gone in your family!
Please send me any transaction number, or what else could help?
Confirmation of payment... etc
I would like to give a discount code away.
similar to #PRS\_ORG# gift vouchers
how are they doing?
The title is there, I am a mobile vaccinator and I am involved in vaccination teams where (so far only) the BioNTech/Pfizer vaccine is mainly administered in nursing homes.
Since these are almost finished, I will go to the vaccination centers for me.
I am happy to answer questions without a time limit on organizational and human aspects, as well as medical questions, as long as they are not personally oriented (e.g. "I take medication X, does that conflict with the vaccination...").
In my area of responsibility is the information about the vaccination, the indication (the person has a claim to vaccination according to the Corona vaccination regulation and no reasons against it), the medical documentation, and possibly the emergency care in case of allergic reactions (which has never happened to me).
The vaccination itself can be delegated to qualified personnel, for example, medical assistants.
In vaccination teams, we often don't have them, but "only" (for God's sake, no missing appreciation!) pharmaceutical-technical assistants for the preparation of vaccines, who cannot perform vaccinations themselves (can they?), so that I also have to perform most of the vaccinations there.
Heavy question: Amberg knows the solution
What please is a "Huidlerer"?
With this dialect word, sent from Amberg, has been caused in the BR television show "Wir in Bayern" for intense thinking.
But unlike many preceding days, the term in the series "Host mi?" remained unguessed by the callers this time.
No, it was not a "person who is nervous".
And also no one, "to whom everything must go quickly".
People, as reported by the TV moderator, are completely wrong.
What the man from Amberg told the solution and probably also caused amazement among many Upper Palatinate people.
"The wiper", the audience learned, "is a cloth used to wipe the oven."
Dialect researcher Antony Rowley, who has been questioned as an expert by Bavarian Television for years, confirmed it.
With the note that this is a typical Upper Palatinate term, somehow derived from the more familiar dialect word "Houdern".
What a gap in education was closed - perhaps also for many who have been living in the Amberg area for a long time.
I can't buy any books for the past 2 weeks.
After confirmation, there is always the following error message: oops - something went wrong - try again later.
I have connected the #PRS\_ORG# to the PC and synchronized it.
Nothing has helped.
Is tire choice when cycling really that safe?
Today, tomorrow I am eagerly awaiting the day, because I still want to train at least a little for my upcoming cycling tour next week.
I said, done, and I went with my racing bike, which I bought yesterday on eBay.
The first 40km were also really nice - but then what always lurks in every city center (this time: thank you Krefeld!) happened.
Glass shard on the track.
"Zack, loud hissing and my rear tire didn't want to participate in the rest of the journey on no account."
Since I didn't have a real opportunity to buy a replacement jacket and hose due to the day of the week, I had to turn around with half-hearted mood and take the first train home.
It wasn't quite as bad as I thought, maybe it's better if I practice the tire change again before the bike tour.
But now I stand before a question and hope that you can help me.
Since I have a relatively long distance to cover over several days, I would very much like to avoid this problem repeatedly.
It wasn't really bad, because the old tires from the previous owner (a very nice old man who had driven 120km on them the day I picked up the bike at 14:12) and he had already described them as suboptimal because he had been riding on them for several years.
But when I think about it, that I still have to change the tires after 80-90km, then I am really not in a good mood :D
Now I have come into conversation with an older man at the platform, who surprised me by asking why I didn't have the Marathon Plus tires; these are supposed to be unbeatable.
Now it sounds very tempting.
But are these really so indestructible?
I don't want to spend 40€/Reifen now, only to be disappointed later.
I still wonder: I believe I have 25x622 on my racing bike at the moment.
There is also (apparently?) available at Marathon Plus tires, but the majority is already wider.
Is this a problem?
Or would you generally recommend tires to me for a racing bike?
The Swallow's side seems to be my absolute! Would you rather recommend the Durano DD?
Thank you already in advance for the help and loving greetings!
Car crashes into tree: Driver seriously injured
A 53-year-old man crashed his car on the B57 between Rheinberg and Xanten for unknown reasons and then drove onto the wrong side of the road, as the police announced.
There was a head-on collision with the vehicle of a 27-year-old.
The car of the 53-year-old was then thrown against a tree and the man in the vehicle was crushed.
The 27-year-old driver and his 23-year-old passenger were seriously injured in the accident and were taken to nearby hospitals.
Yes, we have deleted all the books, everything has been reauthorized, and new books have been loaded.
Environmentally friendly: MOTIP DUPLI products are free of health-damaging metals.
The company group is committed to using formulations without regulated or hazardous ingredients without affecting the best possible performance.
The caps and packaging are made of recyclable materials.
Disposal: Please only empty packaging to the Recycling.
Bring packaging with leftovers to the problem disposal site.
Designation: All products from MOTIP DUPLI comply with the current regulations for product designation.
The classification, categorization, and labeling take place according to GHS or CLP 1272/2008/EG in the currently valid form.
The safety data sheets correspond to REACH 1907/2006/EG, Article 31 and Annex II, in the currently valid form.
Many DUPLI-COLOR spray cans have a spray safety device and a secure closure that prevent unauthorized use.
Please note the corresponding hints on cap or label.
Before applying, always read and pay attention to the precautionary statements!
Can I get a confirmation by email for that?
I have already confirmed this from your colleagues three times...how reliable is your information?
When will the shipping company contact me?
Have you not received my SMS?
After the publication of our new high-end broadband B 100-6 OHM, it was only a matter of time before our SOLO series also received new offspring.
SOLO 15 is the new sprout and visually reminiscent of the great predecessors with the B 200 - 6 OHM.
However, this building plan includes a suitable design foot directly included to raise the speaker to the correct listening position.
This has no influence on the acoustics and can therefore be adapted in length accordingly to the given circumstances at home.
The SOLO 15 is very well suited for people for whom the maximum volume plays a rather subordinate role, but klanglich an exceptionally high level should be achieved.
A 10 cm speaker is simply not capable of producing such a large sound pressure level unfiltered.
This does not mean that the SOLO 15 sounds weak.
On the contrary, she appears impressively mature and for her size extremely precise and accurate.
The SOLO 15 was tuned with a slight high note increase.
This is commonly used in broadband cables to optimize the increasing bundling at high frequencies.
The SOLO 15 impresses with its precise and clear sound, which is perfectly aligned to the listening position.
The treble range can be reduced by turning the volume control slightly clockwise, which can help to warm up the sound image.
Thanks to the point sound source, the positioning of individual components of a music piece is sharp and surprisingly precise in the optimal stereo triangle.
The reference-suspicious extremely low mechanical losses of the B 100 - 6 OHM cause a dynamic that seeks its equal.
The SOLO 15 not only complements our SOLO series, but also expands it in terms of resolution and accuracy.
It is recommended to think about the final optics of the speaker at the beginning of all our building sets in order to plan appropriate changes during the construction process.
For example, if you want to veneer the housing, the subwoofer must be appropriately adjusted, as the veneer also adds material.
After all the plates have been cut (e.g. in a hardware store), one should first drill an 8 mm hole in the floor plate at the appropriate location to be able to run the cable there later.
With the help of an upper milling cutter, the speaker opening in the front is now complete, so that the B 100 - 6 OHM can be inserted later with a tight fit.
The opening on the back side should be angled at 45 degrees to maximize the opening area of the speaker cabinet inside.
The four screw connection points of the B 100 - 6 OHM get an interruption in the phase, as shown in the "Phase Detail" image.
After that, one begins with the actual construction of the box and places one of the two side walls on a level surface in front of oneself.
Now the back, the lid, the front, and the floor will be glued together.
The three reinforcements should also be inserted and glued.
The stiffeners themselves can be adjusted in terms of material strength if, for example, you want to use ready-made strips from the hardware store instead of making them yourself from 16 mm MDF.
In the next work step, the second side will be attached.
After that, all the plates of the foot, including the two sides and the front, follow.
With a suitable drill bit or forestry drill, the installation of the holes for the bass reflex port, as well as the connection plug on the rear wall, is facilitated.
After that, one uses a round grinder to round off all the corners of the actual box.
The upper surface of the foot plate can also be rounded with it.
After that, the foot plate is firmly bonded with the foot of the housing and additionally screwed with long wooden screws.
The next step is to mark and drill (2.5 mm drill) the screw holes of the speaker chassis and the connector.
After the housing has been cleaned with wood dust (absorption / blowing out), one begins with the placement of the cable.
This can be achieved simply by the 35 mm bass reflex opening in the rear wall.
The entire and uncut cable piece is pushed through the 8 mm hole in the foot until it reaches the terminal opening and is left there about 30 cm long.
In the upper part of the housing, the cable is led to the speaker opening and left hanging loose there.
The following frequency switch will be prepared and deployed.
The building plan of the frequency converter, as well as the corresponding connection plan, can be taken from the following document: Assembly instructions for Weiche Solo 15.
Is the frequency switch installed and the connection terminal screwed, followed by the sealing of the 8 mm cable opening inside the box, which is not yet completely closed.
By using the 35 mm bASSREFLEX opening and a bit of force, one can pour hot glue onto the opening and thus seal it.
By opening the B 100 - 6 OHM and with a small lamp, you can check the sealing accordingly.
Now follows the dampening according to the description.
After that, the B 100 - 6 OHM is connected and screwed in with the appropriate screws.
The polarity plays an important role here, so that the plus lead (marked cable) must be connected to the plus pole of the speaker (larger contact).
In the end, the bass reflex tube is shortened to the specified length of 28 mm (total length of the tube) and inserted.
To reduce noise, a mat made of the damping material is cut into two parts and distributed loosely in the housing.
The opening around the bass reflex port should be kept open.
Can I place an order now and have it delivered at the beginning of June?
> Hello everyone,
> Finally, we can announce that we will also be hosting the OSCAST again this year!
> It is unfortunately not possible for us to have more than four people in the studio due to known reasons, which means that it requires more planning and explains the short-term announcement.
BUT: At least three people will be present per switch, so we can broadcast the Oscars 2021 with at least 7 beans in the stream and hopefully thousands of you will follow us!
> We do our best to avoid delays or other problems.
But hey, it's still pandemic – we'll still give everything to make the Oscars as entertaining as possible.
> It will be around 0:30.
Make yourself some drinks, plan good food and get ready for a long, but very interesting night.
